Buy tampons. Navigating the world of tampon buying can be a little tricky, but once you know a bit more about what to buy, you won't feel so intimidated. Some common brands for tampons include Kotex and Playtex, and most companies that make pads also make tampons, so you can go with the company that makes your pads to feel comfortable. Basically, there are three things to keep in mind: paper or plastic, absorbency, and whether or not the tampon has an applicator. Here's what you need to know: Paper or plastic. Some tampons have a cardboard applicator (paper), while others have a plastic applicator. The paper applicator has the benefit of mostly being flushable, but you may not want to take your chances if you have an unreliable plumbing system. Some people say that plastic is also a bit easier to use. You can try both and decide what you like best. Applicator or no applicator. Most tampons are sold with applicators, while others are not. When you're starting off, it's much easier to use tampons with applicators so you have more control over the process. The tampons without applicators require you to push the tampon up in your vagina with your fingers, which can be a bit more of a challenge. The upside of these tampons is that they are super small, so you can even keep them in your pocket, if necessary. Absorbency. The most common types of tampons are either "regular" or "super absorbent". It's generally recommended that you start with regular tampons to get the hang of using them before you move on to the super ones. They are a bit bigger, though they aren't necessarily harder to use. You can also use regular tampons first, when your flow isn't as heavy, and then switch to more absorbent tampons, depending on your flow, or vice versa. Many packs of tampons come with some regular, and some super absorbency tampons, so you can mix and match. Insert the tampon when your flow is moderate to heavy. Though this isn't mandatory, inserting the tampon when you've just begun your period and your flow is still light will make it a bit harder for it to easily glide into your vagina. If your flow is heavier, the walls of your vagina will be more moist and will allow the tampon to glide in more easily. Some people want to know if they can practice using tampons when they aren't on their period. While nothing horrible will happen if you do this, it'll be harder to insert the tampon into the vagina, and you may want to wait until your actual period begins. Though asking your mom or your Aunt for help may be the last thing on earth you want to do, if you try it on your own and really have a hard time, or if you're just afraid to try it, don't be afraid to ask a trusted female for some help. Wash your hands. It's important to wash your hands before you insert a tampon so that you keep the tampon and applicator sterile before you insert it inside your body. You don't want to get any bacteria in your vagina and cause an infection. Open the tampon wrapper with dry hands. Wait until your hands are dry and then carefully tear open the tampon wrapper on its top and throw it away. It's okay to be a little nervous, though there's no reason to be. If you accidentally drop the tampon on the ground, you should throw it away and start with a new one. You don't want to risk getting an infection just because you didn't want to waste a tampon. Sit or stand in a comfortable position. As you get more comfortable with using a tampon, you'll get a better sense of which method works for you. Some women like to sit on the toilet when they insert a tampon. Others like to stand and squat a little. You can also place one leg on the toilet or side of the tub to make your vaginal opening more accessible. Though it's natural to be nervous, you should try to relax as much as you can. The more relaxed you are, the easier it will be to insert the tampon. Hold the tampon with the fingers you write with. Hold it in its middle, right at the spot where the smaller, inner tube inserts into the larger, outer tube. The string should be easily visible and should point downwards, away from your body, with the thick part of the tampon pointing up. You can also place your index finger on the base of the tampon and your middle finger and thumb on the provided grips. Find your vagina. The vagina is between the urethra and the anus. There are three openings, which are the urethra, where the urine comes from, the vagina, which is in the middle, and the anus, in the back. If you can find your urethra easily, then feel an inch or two behind it to find the opening of the vagina. Don't be afraid of getting a little bit of blood on your hands — that's perfectly normal. Some people recommend that you use your other hand to open your labia, which are the folds of skin around the vaginal opening. This can help you position the tampon in the opening. However, some people are able to insert a tampon without this additional help. Carefully place the top of the tampon into your vagina. Now that you've found your vagina, all you have to do is place the tampon just an inch or so into the top of your vagina. You should slowly push the tampon up until your fingers touch the applicator and your body and the outer tube of the tampon is inside your vagina. Press the thinner part of the applicator up with your index finger. Stop when the thin and thick portions meet and your fingers touch your skin. The applicator is there to help you insert the tampon further up your vagina. You can think of this as pushing the inner tube of the tampon through the outer tube. Use your thumb and middle finger to remove the applicator. Now that you've inserted the tampon into your vagina, all you have to do is to remove the applicator. To do this, simply use your thumb and your middle finger to gently pull the applicator away from your vagina. The string should be hanging from your vaginal opening. Discard the applicator. You should discard the applicator if it's made of plastic. If it's made of cardboard, check the instructions on the box carefully to make sure you can flush it. If you're not sure, it's better to be safe and to throw it out. Consider wearing a pantyliner along with your tampon. Though this isn't necessary, many girls like to wear pantyliners along with their tampons just in case their tampons start to leak a bit after absorbing as much menstrual fluid as they can. Though if you use the bathroom regularly and change your tampon as often as need, this isn't likely to happen, wearing a pantyliner may give you an extra sense of security. Plus, you'll barely be able to feel the thinnest pantyliners. Make sure you're comfortable. If you don't feel comfortable with the tampon in, then it's likely that you didn't insert it correctly. You shouldn't be able to feel the tampon in at all if you did insert it properly. If you feel uncomfortable or like it's not all the way in, then you should remove it. You will even be able to tell if you didn't insert it properly because the bottom of the tampon may be visible outside of your vagina. If this is the case, it's time to try again. When you have the tampon in, you should be able to run, hike, bike, swim, or participate in any physical activity you want to do. Remove the tampon when you're ready. Though you should remove a tampon every 6 to 8 hours at the longest, you may find that you will need to remove your tampon sooner if you're having a heavy flow. It's important to check on it every hour or two, especially when you're using tampons for the first time. If you find that you wipe yourself and see a lot of blood, or see blood in the toilet, then this is a sign that your tampon can't absorb any more blood and that it's time to take it out. (This can also be a sign that you didn't insert it all the way, which is also a reason to take it out.) Discard the tampon. Though the instructions on your box of tampons may say that you can flush the tampon, if you want to be safe and don't want to have to call the plumber because your tampon clogged up your old-fashioned toilet, then you may want to wrap it up in some toilet paper and throw it out. If you're in a public bathroom, you should see a bin either on the floor of the bathroom stall or on the side door, which you should use for discarding your used tampon. Change your tampon every 8 hours or sooner as needed. Once you remove your tampon, you can go ahead and insert another one. Most people don't sleep in tampons, and you may want to use a pad overnight instead, unless you plan on sleeping for less than 8 hours. If your tampon string is wet with menstrual fluid, then it's time to change your tampon. If the tampon still feels difficult to remove and a bit "stuck," then it's because it hasn't absorbed enough menstrual fluid yet. If it's been less than eight hours, then you should try again later. Try using a tampon with a lighter absorbency next time, if there is one. If you leave your tampon in for longer than 8 hours, you may get Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS), which is a very rare but potentially deadly consequence of leaving in your tampon for too long. If you've left a tampon in for longer than recommended and experience a fever, a rash, or vomiting, get help immediately. Use a tampon with the right absorbency for your flow. It's best to use tampons with a lower absorbency than you need. Start with a regular tampon. If you find that you have to change it more often than every four hours, then you should switch to a tampon with higher absorbency. As your period tampers off, you should use tampons with the lightest absorbency. Once your period is almost over, you may find that it's more difficult to insert the tampon. When your period is over, you should stop using tampons. Use a pantyliner for an extra day if you feel that your period may not be completely over yet. Know that you can never lose a tampon inside your body. The tampon has an extremely strong, durable string that runs through it, which never falls off. The string runs through the entire tampon instead of just being attached to the end, so there is literally no way for it to just detach. You can even try taking a new tampon and tugging on the string as hard as you can for a while — you'll see that it's impossible to just take it off, and therefore not possible that the tampon will get stuck inside of you. This is a common fear that people have, but it is completely unfounded. Know that you can still pee when you're wearing a tampon. Some people who wear tampons go years before realizing that they can actually pee when they use them. The tampon is inserted into your vaginal opening, and you pee out of your urethral opening. The two are close together, but they are different holes, and therefore, inserting a tampon will not fill your bladder or make it harder for you to pee. Some people think that if they pee, that the tampon will come right out, but this absolutely will not happen. Know that a girl of any age can start wearing a tampon once her period starts. You do not have to be over 16 or over 18 to wear a tampon. It's perfectly safe for girls younger than this to wear tampons, as long as they know how to insert them correctly. Know that inserting a tampon will not make you lose your virginity. Some people think that they can only wear tampons after they have had sex, and that using them before that will make them lose their virginity. Well, this is just completely untrue. While using a tampon may occasionally cause a girl to tear or stretch her hymen, nothing will make you "lose your virginity" other than actual sex. Tampons work just as effectively for virgins as for non-virgins. Know that wearing a tampon will not cause any health problems. Wearing a tampon will not give you a yeast infection, contrary to what you may have heard. There has been absolutely no scientific proof that this is possible. Some people think this is the case because women tend to get yeast infections around the time of their period, which is also when they use tampons. 
Connect with friends that have been supportive in the past. When coming out, reach out to the most supportive people in your life first. Talk with them about what you're feeling as you come out to friends and family. Recognize that some friends will react different compared to others. Some friends may require more time to process this change than others. Find out which friends are more supportive and keep them in your life. Avoid withdrawing from your friends after coming out. Keep your relationships strong. Consider saying to your friends, "I hope that you can support me through this transition. It would mean a lot to me." Understand that some heterosexual friends may have questions about your coming out. Sometimes they simply don't know or understand what you're going through. If they are willing to genuinely listen, give them a chance. They may say or ask things like, "You don't seem gay," or "Are you sure you're gay?" or "How does it work on dates?" Try to be patient and answer their questions as best you can. True friends, no matter where they are on the sexuality spectrum, will continue to stick by you when you're going through difficult times. Keep them in your life. Avoid negative people. Some friends or family may have difficulty with your sexual orientation. This may be due to the social environment they're in or their religious beliefs. If they make you feel less-than, worthless, or bad about yourself, avoid them. You don't have to be friends with people that you don't like. Understand that one person's negative comments don't necessarily indicate that everyone feels this way. Don't let one bully or one negative person define what you think of the people around you. Trust yourself and let go of negativity. Just know that some people cannot tolerate other people's differences. Be open to new friendships. Recognize that some friends will come and go, regardless of you coming out or not. It's important to work towards friendships that make you happy. While it may feel difficult to find new friends, this process will help you to grow and change as you come out as LGBT. Be adventurous. Take a class. Join a social group or organization that interests you. See if there are activities that you like that seem to have many open-minded people of different backgrounds. Find the right settings for friendships based on if you're better when it's one-on-one, a small group, or a big group. Cultivate friendships further with people in your classes or at work. With a bit of effort, acquaintances can become good friends. Be friends with people who don't care what your sexual orientation is. Friendships shouldn't be simply defined by your sexual orientation. Find people who are like-minded, kind, open, and honest.  Having friends from diverse backgrounds regardless of their orientation will help you to see friendships from different perspectives. People that fit with your personality should matter more than what their orientation is. Don't feel like you're an outsider. It matters more that you feel accepted by your friends regardless of whether you're gay, straight, lesbian, transgender, or bisexual. Connect with the LGBT community in your area. Find out if there are social groups or community centers in your area that focus on LGBT issues. No matter your background or sexual identity, being in a space where you feel accepted for your sexuality is important and meaningful. Talk with your school counselor at your high school to see if there may be youth groups for students who identify as LGBT. Find groups that feel welcoming for you. If you're in college, find out if there are student groups or activity centers where LGBT students go. Consider starting your own youth group for other LGBT students. Find out what your school's policies are, or what the environment is like for LGBT students at your school. Find out if there are community centers in your city that focus on LGBT issues. Search for centers in your state or city through CenterLink: http://www.lgbtcenters.org/ Find support groups for people who come out. Coming out can be a stressful experience. Even after coming out, you may feel isolated or depressed. There are counseling centers that may offer support groups for youth or adults that have come out as gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender. Consider joining a support group in your area. Support groups can be healing experiences. They can help you feel less alone. They can also help you learn to communicate about your coming-out process. You may find people who are facing similar challenges of making friends. In this way, you can see what others are facing. Some support groups are offered at low or no-cost. Reach out to a counseling center that specializes in LGBT issues and see what they may have to offer. Be an advocate. Be involved in bringing inclusion rather than exclusion to your community. There are many social justice causes out there that support gay rights, women's rights, and human rights. Stand up for your rights and the rights of others. This can be done in-person or online. It can be through simple acts in your daily life or by joining a larger political movement. Support small businesses that advertise as gay-friendly and strive to make others feel included. Volunteer your time, money, or talents to others that are facing discrimination or prejudice. The act of helping others may also help you to make more friends. Learn about how you can contribute to organizations such as GLAAD: http://www.glaad.org/getinvolved/volunteer Be politically engaged. Pay attention to social activism in your community. Find political activist groups depending on your interests: http://www.startguide.org/orgs/orgs06.html Seek online support from others who identify as LGBT. If you live in an isolated area or a place that's anti-gay, it may feel difficult to make or keep friends.  There are many resources online to help you through this transition, and to help you feel more included. Join an online message board or forum to discuss your interests with other people who are LGBT. Connect through LGBT social networking sites. Sometimes it may be easier to discuss what you're feeling with others who aren't in your neighborhood. Find help if you're feeling like you need to talk. Talk with a peer who's been through what you're going through. Connect with the GLBT National Help Center online, by phone, or through chat: http://www.glbthotline.org/ Be patient in the coming out process. It can be difficult to both tell someone about your orientation as well as worry about what will happen afterwards. Many people who identify as LGBT may know their identity as a teenager but wait years later to tell others that they're gay. It's okay to take things at your own pace. Allow others to find their pace with this information too. Many people who identify LGBT feel more socially accepted than in years past. But keep in mind what feels right for you and your situation. Understand that what you say or when you say it is your choice. But sometimes, the timing matters. If someone receives serious news, it may take time to process. Try to be patient with those you care about. Don't give up on yourself. If you constantly try to hide who you are, you're going to have a hard time connecting with others. After possibly years of being closeted, it may feel harder to be truthful about your orientation rather than to continue putting on an act.  Believe that it will get better. Because it can get better. See this time as a way to be creative. Use your talents and skills to share with others who you are and what you're feeling. By being open, you may make more friends and feel less alone. Rather than feeling down, feel inspired to make change. To gain some perspective, try journaling about how life was before you came out and how it is now. Take pride and be confident in who you are. History has shown that being different often leads to discrimination and struggle. But in standing up for yourself and your values, history can change. Take pride in your identity even if it's not so easily accepted. Be confident that you have the same rights as anyone else. By being true to yourself, others will admire that. Regardless of whether your friends are gay or straight, being confident in who you are is a strong and admirable quality. While you don't need to be shouting who you are on the rooftops, being comfortable in your own skin is important to making friends and loving yourself. Make sure to be patient with yourself and your friends as you go through these changes regarding your identity. 
Blot the spill immediately. When you notice the spill, pick up as much of it as possible with a clean, dry cloth or paper towel. Press the towel against the stain so you don't spread it. Sometimes this will be enough to prevent staining from food, makeup, or body oil. Regular treatment of the leather with a conditioner will help your item resist these stains. Powder the stain with corn starch. Cover dried stains with corn starch, talcum powder, or baking soda. Allow the powder to rest on the stain for a few hours or overnight. Over time, the powder will lift the grease or oil. Wipe up the powder. Use a clean cloth to brush off the powder. Check the couch to see if the stain has disappeared. Repeat cleaning with more corn starch. Cover stubborn stains again with corn starch or an alternative powder. Rub the stain gently with your fingers. The heat generated by your fingers may help draw out older stains. You may need to repeat this process several times. Soak up fresh stains. Quickly apply cloth or paper towel to the stain. Try to blot out as much of the liquid as possible without spreading it. Fan the area until it dries. Liquid spills are a big threat to leather, so you may end up with a large, dark stain. Mix a mild detergent and water. Fill a container with warm water. Add a squeeze of a mild hand soap or liquid detergent like Dawn or Murphy Oil. Stir the soap into the water until you have a bubbly cleaner. Soap is useful for basic treatment and removing odors, such as from urine stains. Water alone should be used to treat water stains. Store-bought leather cleaning products may also be used. Dampen a sponge in the mixture. Dip the sponge or cloth in the soapy water to get it nice and damp. Before using it on the stain, wring out the sponge. Make sure the sponge doesn't drip at all. It shouldn't feel soaked. You don't want to introduce more water to the leather. Wipe off the leather with the sponge. Start on the stain. Move the sponge from the stain to one of the edges of the leather. Do not scrub. The sponge will leave behind less water as you move it away from the stain. Continue doing this until you've cleaned the entire surface of the leather. This seam to seam cleaning will prevent water stains from forming. The leather will dry uniformly, so you won't need to worry about drying it off yourself unless you use too much water. Treat stubborn stains with white vinegar. You can add a couple of drops of vinegar to the soapy water you used earlier. You may also combine equal parts water and vinegar for a stronger cleaner. Dip your cloth in, wring the cloth out, and then use it to spot treat the stain. After a few swipes, check the cloth. If it appears dirty, rinse it off in water. For white and beige couches, try mixing equal parts lemon juice and cream of tartar. Let the paste rest on the stain for ten minutes before wiping it off with a damp sponge. Dry the leather with a clean cloth. Gently rub the stained area to remove the vinegar cleaner. This should also be done during soap treatment if you notice the leather getting too damp. Limited exposure to these cleaners will wear out the leather, but won't damage it permanently. Apply conditioner to rejuvenate the leather. Find leather conditioners wherever leather or general cleaning supplies are sold. Choose a product that is suitable for your type of leather and follow the directions on the bottle. The instructions will likely have you work a small amount of conditioner into the leather. You can use a dry cloth to spread it from seam to seam over the entire area you treated earlier. Moisten a cotton ball with rubbing alcohol. Tip the bottle of rubbing alcohol over a little. Hold a cotton ball up to the mouth of the container or dip a cotton swab inside of it. Dampen the cotton, making sure it isn't saturated or dripping. Rubbing alcohol and cotton balls can be found in the personal care sections of any drug or general store. Spot test the rubbing alcohol in a hidden area. Choose an area that isn't normally seen, such as under couch cushions or a bag's inside corner. Press the cotton to the leather. Allow the rubbing alcohol to sit for ten minutes, then check to see if it left a stain. Rub the alcohol into the stain. Take the dampened cotton ball and place it on the ink or mold mark. Gently rub the area in a circular motion. The ink will begin to disappear, although the leather will also lose some of its moisture. Condition the leather. Use your leather conditioner to treat and preserve your object. At the very least, spot treat the area by applying a little bit of conditioner and working it into the cleaned area. Take this opportunity if you can to apply conditioner from seam to seam on the surface you cleaned. Wipe up as much of the spill as possible. As soon as you notice the spill, treat it with cloth or paper towels. Blot the outside edge of the stain first and work towards the center. This will keep the stain from spreading and setting. Wash the stain with soap and water. Most dirt and food stains will come off with a basic washing. You may try wiping up the stain with lukewarm water or a mixture of water and a squeeze of a mild soap. Make sure the sponge or cloth is damp rather than soaked, then wipe it from side to side across the leather. A leather cleaner is a useful alternative. It will protect the leather and prevent the stain from setting. Erase scuff marks with nail polish remover. For stubborn marks, such as scuff marks or scratches, try acetone. Dampen a cotton ball or swab in nail polish remover. Rub the acetone into the mark with circular motions. Vacuum off the leather. Vacuuming removes dust and debris that can cause stains. It can also prevent dirt from getting into the leather when you treat stains. Do this at least twice a month. Use a soft brush attachment to get into crevices. Clean along the leather's grain. Look carefully at the leather. You may notice that the fibers move in a certain direction. Try to work along the direction of the grain during basic cleaning. It'll keep your leather healthier for longer. Wipe down the leather twice a month with a damp cloth. Dampen a clean cloth in warm water. You may also use your mild hand soap, dish detergent, or leather soap. Make sure the cloth isn't dripping or soaked. Be gentle but quick. Do this up to once a week. Apply leather conditioner twice a year. Conditioner protects the leather fibers, keeping them strong and resistant to stains. Get a store-bought conditioner and follow the directions on the label. Typically, you only have to do this twice a year. In areas with dry heat, you'll have to do this three or more times a year to keep the leather from drying out. After cleaning up a stain, you should also condition the leather. Homemade conditioner can be made out of one part white vinegar and two parts linseed or flax oil. Wipe a cloth in circular motions to work in the conditioner, then let it rest overnight. 
Clean the bathtub. You'd be amazed by how dirty your bathtub can get, for a place where you go to get clean! Since you're taking a sitz bath to promote healing to injured tissue, you want to be extra sure that the environment is sterile. Use a bleach-based cleaning product to sterilize the bathtub before drawing your sitz bath. Scrub the tub thoroughly to make sure you've removed all the soaps and other bath products that have accumulated on the surface. Rinse the tub thoroughly to remove both the soaps and the cleaning products. Set your water temperature. It's very important that the water you use in your sitz bath is warm, but not scalding hot. The temperature should not cause any discomfort that could cause irritation or inflammation. Warm water, though, will increase blood flow to the injured tissue, speeding up the body's healing process in that area. Dip your finger into the water, or place a drop or two on the sensitive skin on your wrist to test the temperature. Fill the bathtub with 3–4 inches (7.6–10 cm) of water. Make sure that the bathtub is plugged so the water doesn't drain out, then run the water until there's enough water in the tub to fully immerse the area that's giving you trouble. Mix soothing additives to the water if you wish. You don't need to add anything to the water, as the warm temperature alone will make you feel better. However, there are many things you can add to your bath to treat different problems. Ask your doctor for a recommendation on what to add to your bath. Salt is a good general additive for any sitz bath, regardless of the reason. Bring the water up to a temperature warmer than you're comfortable with, and add ¼ cup of salt to it. Mix thoroughly so the salt dissolves throughout the water, then let the water cool to a milder temperature. If you have a vaginal infection, add 1/2 cup of table vinegar to the salt water solution. An herbal solution is good for treating hemorrhoids, as well as damage from tissue trauma like giving birth. Mix 1/2 cup of Epsom salt, two tablespoons of baking soda, 2 tablespoons (29.6 ml) of witch hazel, 1 tablespoon (14.8 ml) of olive oil, 8 drops of lavender essential oil, and 8 drops of chamomile essential oil, with the water for your bath. Soak in the sitz bath. Make sure that the problem area is completely covered in the warm bath, and soak in the bath for at least 15 to 30 minutes. Run warm water as necessary to keep the temperature of the bath up. Pat yourself dry when finished. You must be very gentle with the damaged tissue after your sitz bath, so don't rub yourself dry as you normally would. Use a clean, soft towel, pat and dab until the area has been dried. Scrubbing or rubbing can cause irritation and further injury. Purchase a sitz bath kit. You can often find a sitz bath kit in the medical supply section of the grocery store, or your local pharmacy. If you can't find a sitz bath kit locally at a store, you can purchase them easily online. The kit will include a bath basin that fits over a toilet seat; a solution bag for the bathwater; a plastic tube to spray the water; and a clamp to control the flow through the tube. Clean the basin. Even if your kit is new out of the package, you want to make sure that you're not exposing your damaged tissue to possible infection. Clean the basin thoroughly with a bleach-based cleaning product. Scrub well and rinse with water. Set up the sitz bath. Once you get your bath set up, you can just sit and relax while it does its work. But first, you have to set it up. Place the tube through the hole in the basin that's used for circulating the solution throughout the bath. Consult the directions that came with the kit if you're having trouble locating the tube hole. Snake the tube all the way to the center of the basin and clip it into the bottom of the bowl. Consult your kit's instructions for a diagram if necessary. Use the clamp to cut off flow through the tube; you don't want it to start leaking before you're ready! Fill the solution bag with warm water, or whichever solution you'd like to use to treat the damaged tissue. Put the basin and bag in place. Making sure the toilet seat is up, place the basin over the inner rim of the toilet. It's best if the bag can hang from some sort of hook, but all that matters is that it's elevated, so the liquid will drain downward. Sit on the basin. You'll likely have to adjust a bit to find a comfortable position. Feel free to adjust your position as necessary throughout the duration of the bath to make sure you're not causing yourself unnecessary discomfort. Unclamp the tube. Release the clamp that's holding back the warm solution in the elevated bag. The hose at the bottom of the bowl will begin spraying upward, so make the necessary adjustments to ensure that the bathwater is being sprayed onto the damaged tissue that you wish to treat. This might include adjusting your position or adjusting the position of the hose. If you must adjust the position of the hose, make sure to cut off the flow of water using the clamp. Otherwise, you'll make a mess! Relax. The solution in the bag should be released slowly, not all at once, if your kit is working properly, so you'll have a few minutes to relax into the spray. Even after the bag has emptied and the hose has ceased spraying, you can simply soak in the water that's been collected in the basin for as long as you'd like. Pat yourself dry when finished. You must be very gentle with the damaged tissue after your sitz bath, so don't rub yourself dry as you normally would. Use a clean, soft towel, pat and dab until the area has been dried. Scrubbing or rubbing can cause irritation and further injury. 
Grip the pole correctly. To hold the javelin properly, you have to place it in the crease of your hand. You need to keep the point of the javelin pointed in the direction you want to throw in. Keep the javelin lined up with your eyes. When running up and transitioning to throw the javelin, look in the direction you are throwing. It has to lie along the length of your palm instead of across from it. You have to hold the javelin at the back of the cord, which is the grip placed around the center of gravity of the pole. One finger needs to be placed beyond the edge of the binding. Just make sure to keep your fist nice and relaxed, not tensed. Beyond that, there are three main grips that you can choose from. The American grip : For this grip, you have to place your thumb and the first two joints of your index finger behind the cord. Think of it like wrapping your hand around the pole normally, except that your index finger is extended a bit more in comparison to your other fingers. The Finnish grip : For this grip, you have to place your thumb and the first two joints of your index finger behind the cord, while the index finger supports the shaft of the pole. This is like the American grip, except that the index finger is extended further away, and the middle finger is a bit removed from the ring and pinkie fingers. The "V" grip : For this grip, you should hold the javelin between your index and middle fingers, behind the cord. Think of it like making a peace sign and then placing it below the pole. Hold the javelin up near your head. Before you begin running, lift the javelin up above your shoulder so that it is about even with your head. The tip should point down towards the ground slightly, but otherwise the javelin should be parallel to the ground. Point your elbow slightly forward, while keeping your bicep parallel to the ground. Turn your palm toward the sky, creating a natural platform for the javelin to rest on. Take the "Approach Run. " After you have the javelin in position, you can start the approach. Begin running towards your target with the javelin. If you are a beginner, then you can just take about 9 to 14 steps. If you are more experienced, then take 14 to 20 steps. As you take your approach run, make sure that you: Keep your hips high and run on the balls of your feet. Let your free arm swing across your body. Flex the arm carrying the javelin to fix its position. Perform the "Withdrawal. " The withdrawal phase is when you get your body into the proper throwing position. When you're ready for the withdrawal, speed up a little bit and allow the arm that is holding the javelin to extend fully behind you. Keep your head facing in the direction of your target. Turn so that the left side of your body is facing your target as well. Make the "Transition. " This is also known as the "cross-over". This is where you get into the javelin tosser's "lean-back" position by putting your right foot ahead of your center of gravity. As you do this, pull the javelin back a little further so that the tip is lined up with your eyebrows. Keep the right foot close to the ground. Let the right heel touch the ground. As the right foot moves forward, move the left foot up and lean your trunk back at a 115-degree angle. This phase is finished when your right foot is on the ground and your left leg is forward and elevated. Do the "Pre-Delivery Stride. " This is the step you take just before you throw the javelin. Move your left leg forward and direct your shoulders and hips towards your target. Wait for your left foot to touch the ground. Straighten your torso. Turn your face toward the direction of the throw. The javelin should be parallel to your shoulders. Position your throwing hand above shoulder level. Perform the "Delivery. " Throw the javelin when your arm is up as high as possible. Once the left foot hits the ground, your left side must be ready to hold the weight of your right leg, which drives up and forward and brings the hips into a right angle with the throw. You should plant your left heel and thrust forward with your right. After the hip thrust, pull back with your left arm keeping it parallel to your right shoulder. This will help to keep your right shoulder and chest moving forward and aligning with your hips. As this is taking place, continue following through with the throwing arm with the elbow leading. Move your throwing shoulder over your left leg. Your hand should follow through (the entire shoulder, elbow, and hand should move through similar to a bullwhip acting as one with each section following one after the other. Lift your left leg and move your throwing arm, with the elbow placed high and close to the mid line. The javelin release angle should account for aerodynamic lift and drag. Experts recommend 33 degrees as the optimum angle. When your arm reaches the top of its arc, let go of the javelin. Your arm should be over your head, in front of you, and not behind your back, when you release the javelin. Move into "Recovery. " You have to make sure to follow through after you throw the javelin, allowing your throwing arm to travel diagonally across your body. If you're throwing with your right hand, the hand should end up in front of your left side. The left foot is on the ground. The right leg passes it and then stops you. How quickly you stop depends on how much momentum you built during the run-up. Usually, it can take as much as seven feet (2.1 meters). You should end up standing on your right foot, with your left leg up behind you. Your right shoulder will turn left, with your chest facing to the left. People who throw the javelin on a professional level sometimes even fall forward due to the extreme momentum they build up from throwing the javelin and following through. Keep practicing. If you want to become an expert at throwing the javelin, or just to place in a track meet at your high school, then you've got to keep at it. Training for the javelin means more than just throwing over and over again, which can actually hurt your arm and shoulder; you'll also have to commit to a strength training routine that will build muscle, giving you even more power to throw the javelin. Remember that it's not the strongest or biggest people on the field who can throw the javelin the farthest. It's the people with the best technique. That said, building up your strength can only help you. 
Buy hyacinth bulbs from your local floral or garden shop. Hyacinth bulbs are typically sold in bundles of 3, and there are often deals when you buy multiple bundles at once. Bundles of hyacinth bulbs that are not pre-chilled usually cost $5-$7. Bundles of hyacinth bulbs that are pre chilled usually cost $12-$15. Cool your hyacinth bulbs before planting them. All hyacinths need a cooling period of 12-14 weeks to develop an adequate root system, otherwise they will not properly grow. If you cannot find pre-chilled hyacinth bulbs, this step is absolutely vital. Store your bulbs in a dark area with temperatures between 35-45º Fahrenheit. Great examples of these locations include fridges, outdoor sheds, garages, or even potted damp sand. Be careful when storing your bulbs in the fridge. Certain fruits produce ethylene gas that will cause your hyacinth bulbs to rot and/or become sterile. If you decide to cool your bulbs in the fridge, don't place any fruit in the fridge during the cooling process. Don't expose bulbs to freezing temperatures, otherwise they will become damaged. Wear gloves when handling hyacinth bulbs, as they can cause a skin irritation. Purchase pre-chilled hyacinth bulbs to speed up the process. Most floral and garden shops sell pre-chilled hyacinth bulbs, so be sure to ask for them when you're shopping. Buying pre-chilled bulbs will speed up your hyacinth growing process by 8-12 weeks. Pre-chilled hyacinth bulbs can sometimes be a bit more expensive than the non-chilled bulbs, but the time they'll save you will be well with the extra cost. Find a suitable container to grow your hyacinth bulb. Bulb vases, also called forcing jars, are the perfect shape for forcing bulbs; they are designed with a narrow neck that holds the bulb above water, and a wide base that allows the roots to dangle and grow in the water. The wide base of bulb vases will allow your hyacinth to fully bloom without knocking over the vase. Add water to the container. Fill your container with enough water so that it is up to, but not touching, the bottom of the hyacinth bulb. Leave 1/4″ between the water and the base of the bulb, as bulbs sitting in water are prone to rot. Using forcing jars are ideal because they are cinched at the waist and allow the bulbs to sit nicely above the water. You can also add a tablespoon (15 milliliters) of aquarium charcoal in the water to keep it clean and clear. Place your bulb in the container. Set your bulb on top of the cinched neck of your vase, with the root end facing down. Make sure that your bulb is sitting just above the water, but that no water is actually touching it. Its roots will slowly grow into water in the base of the vase, and the hyacinth will slowly begin to bloom. If you would like to grow your bulb and use it again next year, plant it in a potting mix instead of water. Bulbs forced this way in water will not bloom again next year, but those planted in soil may. Choose a cool, dark place for your bulb. Place the hyacinth bulb and vase in a cool and dark area (40-55º F), such as your garage or refrigerator. Keep cool for roughly 4 weeks, or until the hyacinth's root system has developed in the water of the jar and growth from the top of the bulb has begun. As previously mentioned, do not store your hyacinths in a refrigerator with fruits. The gas from fruits will damage your hyacinth's growth. Change the container's water twice per week. Keeping fresh water in your vase will help your hyacinth to bloom fully and beautifully. Move the bulb to a warm, bright spot when it blossoms. Your hyacinth needs to be transferred to a warmer, somewhat brighter place (50-60º F) once it is ready. You'll know the hyacinth is ready to be moved once the foliage has grown to be about 2 inches tall and the root system has extended to the bottom of the vase. Keep the bulbs in this location for about a week, or until its shoots have turned green. Place your hyacinth in a brighter spot to help it fully bloom. Move the hyacinth plant to a warmer location (roughly 65º F) so that it will fully bloom. Hyacinths reach toward sunlight, so turn your vase daily to prevent the plant from leaning in one direction. After 2 weeks or so, your hyacinths will be fully fragrant and bloomed, and should last for another 2 weeks before they begin to wilt. Although you want to move the hyacinth to a brighter location, avoid direct sunlight. To make your bloom last longer, place your hyacinth plant in the refrigerator at night. Enjoy the fragrance of the plant. Once the hyacinth flowers have bloomed, their scent will be beautiful. Throw out the bulbs once the hyacinth has died. Water forcing uses all of the energy that bulbs have to offer, and the bulbs will be too weak to re-bloom. You'll have to get more bulbs to grow more hyacinths. 
Visit your local library. Libraries are a great resource because they not only provide free books but may also offer free, online learning programs to help you learn a new writing system. While you may not find a specific program offered at the library, there may also be community lead tutorials or tutors posting at the library bulletin board. Both books and personal tutorials can teach stroke order, basic grammar, character identification or translation. Purchase an app. There are a variety of language apps available for free or purchased download. Functions you may be looking for are whether the app can create flashcards to help learn new characters and words. Flashcard apps can be searched for Apple, Windows or Android phone. Listen to audiobooks, podcasts, or webinars. Submerse yourself in the language system by listening to specific tutorial podcasts and audiobooks as you practice each lesson. Read reviews of podcasts and audiobooks to ensure that they are at an appropriate level. Understand the kanji is a form of Japanese writing. Kanji is commonly known as Chinese characters. Kanji characters differ from the English alphabet because they describe an idea rather than represent a specific letter. This is unlike the other two Japanese language systems, Hiragana and Katakana, which do not have meaning on their own but rather are used for grammar and to write non-Japanese words. Learn to read and write. Many people may assume you only need to learn to speak Japanese, without learning to write kanji. Understanding kanji increases your vocabulary and can familiarize yourself with the nuances of the Japanese language. For example, kanji is similar to some English affixes. For example, a word starting with “re-” in English, like reunite, means “again” or united again. Similarly, when seeing specific kanji characters you will come to understand that the meaning of the word may change based on the kanji. Repeat and utilize flashcards until you have committed to your memory. Flashcards are a great tool to drill new information. For example, commit 30 minutes everyday to learning at least 7 new kanji characters. Don't forget to quiz yourself on the previous lessons to ensure the information stays fresh  Remember to learn the meaning of the word, how it is said, and how it is written. Utilize mnemonics. When possible, use mnemonics to glue a word to memory. Mnemonics works by associating a word with a funny, silly, or memorable story. While you can create your own mnemonics there are also numerous apps and online resources to help if you feel your creativity waning. Have a practical endgoal in mind. Learning another writing system can be daunting so it is important to clearly define your endgoal in order to map out the appropriate steps you'll need to attain it. Learning how to write in another language is a vague goal so perhaps a more specific goal can be learning how to write a one page letter in Kanji to your favourite Japanese television. Defining an appropriate timeline may also help you reach your goals faster and stave off frustration. Make your goals according to your everyday schedule. Choose an appropriate end date that won't be pushed back or interfered with by other, more important, events. Find familiar images within the kanji characters. Kanji characters may seem foreign but if you look closely you may be able to associate more familiar images within a kanji character to help you remember it. For example, the kanji character for “person” looks like a person. Similarly, the kanji character for “stop” looks like a person motioning with his arm to stop. There are a few resources including the books Remember the Kanji by James Heisig and Kanji Pict-O-Graphix by Michael Rowley that can help decode kanji characters into more recognizable image association. Practice Kanji every day. Use flashcards and change the order of the cards everyday to ensure that you're memorizing the words and not the order of the words. Additionally, do not simply randomize your cards by changing the order of a few new ones each day. You must continue to learn the writing system by building on words that you have already learned, which is best done every day. If you don't have energy, motivation, or time to review on a given day, simply go over what you do remember. Whether you have access to your flashcards or not, your motivation and energy will increase as you both confirm what you've already learned and wonder what you could be missing. Whether walking to your car or using the bathroom, there's always time to review. Find an email or real life pen pal to practice kanji. There are many sites where you can find a language partner that you can easily write to everyday. Even 3 sentences a day can help you learn kanji. Learn proper stroke order. Stroke order can not only help you write efficiently but may also help you memorize characters. Stroke order for most kanji stays consistent and can be relatively easy. While there may be difficult kanji characters such as 飛 or 鬱 where you'll need time to master the stroke order, ensure that you don't develop any bad habits when you first master the less complex characters. Write, write, and keep writing. Learn new vocabulary and practice verb construction as you continue to write. While it's easy to learn words individually, it's more difficult to write them fluidly into fully formed sentences and paragraphs. Writing also gives you time to completely express your emotions and construct full ideas. Writing allows you time to think and practice as conversation doesn't give you the same opportunity to process your thoughts. You will be able to refine your communication style the more often you write. Watch television programs. Immerse yourself in the culture and language by checking out what is trending on Youtube for Japan. You can also buy a popular Japanese television series to watch at your own pace. Depending on how popular the program, you may be able to easily find English manuscripts, dubbing or subtitles so you can follow along. News outlets may also provide their programming and content in alternate languages. Check the site of your local news outlet for a Japanese alternative. Learn the right words first according to the Pareto principle. You do not have to learn every single word to become fluent in another language. More importantly, you only need to learn the most frequently used words to understand most of a language. For example, there are just 300 words that make up 65% of all written English material. For example, learn colloquialism over formal forms of words if you are trying to learn conversational Japanese. Find a partner willing to chat over skype. While learning to speak a language is easiest when forced into a conversation, having visual aids may also quicken your reading comprehension. Being able to speak to someone over video can help you associate the spoken word with the written word if they are willing to read along with you or provide visual aids. Search online for tutors or conversation partners. You may be able to trade a lesson in English for a lesson in Japanese. Skype allows you to have multiple windows and apps open as a safety net in case you feel lost in your conversation. You can use translation tools while you chat to make sure you don't feel too far behind. Don't rely too heavily on anything other than your memory. Depening on your partner, you can always ask to take a break because you are lost in the conversation. Visit local Japanese cultural centers or plan a trip to Japan. There's no better way to learn about Japan than visiting the country; however, travelling can be very expensive so turn to local cultural centers. If you do not have a local Japanese cultural center, look to establish a club so that you and other community members interested in the culture may share resources. If travelling in Japan, many directions, menus, and signs will be read in kanji. 
Use gentle hair products. When you notice your hair is thinning, making the switch to all-natural, gentle hair products is a good idea. Many shampoos, conditioners, hair sprays and other products contain chemicals that are hard on the scalp and hair and can speed up hair loss and damage the hair that's left. Use shampoo that doesn't contain sulfates or any type of alcohol. These ingredients are very drying and damaging to hair. Look for conditioner that doesn't contain silicones. These weigh down the hair and require sulfate shampoos to rinse out. Look in health food stores for hair styling products made with natural ingredients. Comb instead of brushing. Brushing your hair tends to pull more of it out, especially when you brush your hair while it's wet. The gentlest way to get the tangles out is by using a wide-tooth comb. Start near the tips of your hair, combing out the tangles at the bottom first, and work your way up to the roots. Let it air dry. To keep from pulling out too much hair after your shower, pat it gently with a soft towel - don't wring it out or towel it roughly. Let it air dry instead of using a hair dryer, since the heat from a hair dryer can cause hair to dry out and break. Letting your hair air dry as often as possible will help promote new hair growth. Use heat-free styling techniques. Along the same lines, avoid using curling irons, straightening irons, or any other type of hot styling tool to style your hair. Try embracing your natural hair texture and leaving it alone whenever possible. When you do use heat styling tools, use the lowest, coolest setting you can. There are plenty of ways to style your hair without heat - experiment with different ways to curl or straighten your hair and find out what method works for you. Avoid hairstyles that pull on your hair. Tight braids, weaves, and other pulled-back hairstyles can cause hair to pull out more easily. Try wearing your hair down or pulled back loosely. Avoid hair elastics and barrettes that might tug on your hair. Massage your scalp with a nutritional oil. Massaging your scalp can stimulate hair growth by increasing circulation around your hair follicles. Place the pads of your fingers on your scalp and rub your scalp in a circular motion. Start near your forehead and make your way along the sides and back of your head, concentrating on areas that are thinning. You can try egg oil , almond oil, mustard oil, coconut oil, or jojoba oil. Consider trying a hair growth treatment. The most popular hair growth treatment is minoxidil, which comes in the form of a cream or foam that is applied to the scalp twice a day. Many people experience some regrowth with minoxidil, but it can take up to 12 weeks to start working. You should be aware of the health risks associated with minoxidil, which are outlined by USFDA. Other options include the following: Hair transplants. Hairs are transplanted from an area of your scalp with thick growth to the areas that are thinning. Scalp surgery. Bald spots are surgically removed, and the incision is closed up with hair-covered scalp on either side. See if hormonal causes are at play. The most common cause of thinning hair for both men and women is a hereditary condition in which sex hormones cause hair to fall out in a particular pattern. While male or female pattern baldness is permanent, there are certainly measures you can take to slow it down and treat it. Sometimes hormonal fluctuations lead to impermanent hair loss. Women who are pregnant, have discontinued birth control, or are going through menopause may experience temporary hair thinning. Handling the hair gently, using all-natural hair products and changing your hairstyle can help slow the progression of hormone-related thinning. Determine if it's a medical condition. Certain medical conditions can cause hair loss. Treating these conditions can help slow or halt hair loss. If you are concerned you may have one of the following conditions, talk to your doctor about starting a treatment program so your hair will start growing back in. Conditions that cause hair thinning include: Thyroid issues -- when your thyroid isn't working properly, you might notice more hair falling out than usual. Scalp infections and skin disorders -- hair loss might result from a skin condition like ringworm. Treating the issue can help the hair grow back. Alopecia areata -- this is a disorder in which the body's immune system actually attacks hair follicles. Check your medications. Certain medications lead to hair loss. If you're on a medication that lists hair loss as a side effect, you can discuss other options with your doctor. It may not be possible to switch to another medication, but it's worth looking into. Drugs used to treat the following conditions commonly lead to hair thinning: Cancer Depression Heart problems Arthritis High blood pressure Figure out if stress is the culprit. Hair loss can result from physical or mental shock as well as ongoing stress. Any type of shock to the system is going to have a physical effect, and hair loss is a common occurrence when these conditions are at play. If you're chronically stressed, dealing the causes of your stress is an important way to keep yourself in good physical condition. Lower your stress. Since being stressed out can cause hair loss, taking measures to decrease your stress level might help to slow it down. If you lead a high-stress life, try the following measures to calm down on a daily basis: Get more sleep. Lack of sleep causes your body to produce the stress hormone cortisol. Exercise frequently. Try meditating or yoga. Eat more protein. It's one of the building blocks of your hair, and if you aren't getting enough, hair loss can occur. Thinning hair is common among vegetarians and vegans who aren't taking in enough protein. Try eating more of the following foods: Fish, chicken, beef, and pork Black beans, chickpeas, and other legumes Tofu Dairy products Eat omega-3s. The body needs omega-3 fatty acids to create new hair. Getting plenty of omega-3s is essential for hair growth, so try stepping up your intake of the following foods: Salmon Sardines Walnuts Avocados Take biotin supplements. Biotin is a B vitamin found in animal products that leads to healthy hair, skin and nails. Biotin supplements are often marketed as hair-growth supplements for this reason. Take biotin supplements as recommended or increase your intake of foods containing biotin, like liver and other meat products as well as walnuts and leafy greens. 
Wear an undershirt. Wearing a shirt underneath a dress shirt can help reduce or eliminate outwardly visible stains. Your undershirt will “catch” the stains, preventing them from getting on your nicer clothing. Wear underarm pads. You may want to wear pads that absorb your sweat and block it from your clothing, known as dress shields, underarm shields, or underarm pads. If using disposable shields, remove the covering of the adhesive backing to these disposable pads and stick the shield to the underarm of your shirt. If using reusable shields, read the instructions about how to wear the shields. Some have straps that go over your shoulder, some pin to clothing or bra straps, and some are meant to be sewn into clothing. Wash your shirts more frequently. If you wash your shirts daily, before the stain has time to set in, the shirts will not become stained. If you cannot do a full load of laundry, rinsing the shirt and rubbing a dab of detergent or a sodium percarbonate (also known as “oxygen bleach”) on the armpit area may help. Try a sweat resistant material. Traditional cotton weave tends to show sweat stains worse than other materials. Microfiber or “smart weave” materials can help repel sweat stains. Wear antiperspirant. Make sure you are using an antiperspirant, not just a deodorant. Whereas deodorant only eliminates smells, antiperspirant prevents sweat by blocking sweat ducts, usually with aluminum. Begin with a basic, inexpensive over-the-counter antiperspirant. If that does not help, try a clinical strength antiperspirant, also available OTC. Apply antiperspirant twice daily: once in the morning and once before bed. Only apply antiperspirant to dry skin. If your underarms are wet from showering or from sweating, dry them before applying. Ask your doctor for a prescription. Consult with your doctor, preferably a dermatologist, for prescriptions to deal with excessive sweating. Prescription antiperspirant has higher levels of active ingredients than OTC antiperspirant. Ask about oral medications, known as anticholinergics, that stop sweating. However, know that these stop all sweating, which is not always a good thing (remember, sweating serves a biological purpose by cooling you off). Consider other medical treatments. If your sweating is extreme, known as hyperhydrosis, you may consider more aggressive medical treatment options. Botox (OnabotulinumtoxinA) shots in the armpits prevent the body from triggering sweat glands to work and can block excessive sweating for several months at a time. Ask about miraDry. This is an approach that delivers electromagnetic pulses to the sweat glands to close them permanently. It is usually done with local anesthetic and may cause some pain for a few days. Consider surgical treatment if other options do not work. Surgeons can remove the sweat glands, which permanently stops underarm sweat. This is an outpatient procedure, but any surgery should be taken seriously and all other options should be tried first. Stop wearing antiperspirant. Though this seems counterintuitive, there are some studies that suggest that the aluminum in antiperspirants is the true cause of the yellow stains that often appear on clothing. Wear loose-fitting clothing. Clothing that is pressed directly into the armpits is more likely to cause sweating and encourage staining. Looser clothing will be cooler and less likely to attract stains. Lose weight. Obesity often leads to increased sweating. Losing weight will cut down on the amount you sweat. Your clothing may fit more loosely, which can also help cut down on the underarm staining. Eat sweat-reducing foods. Grapes, wheatgrass juice, tomato juice, sage tea, and raw apple cider vinegar all have properties that may reduce sweating. Use natural deodorants. Using coconut oil, cornstarch, witch hazel, salt, or tea tree oil as ingredients in a homemade natural deodorant can reduce sweating. These ingredients are less likely to stain clothing than aluminum-based antiperspirant. 
Purchase a mild shampoo. The shampoo should be a shampoo specifically formulated for synthetic hair. A shampoo for synthetic wigs works fine on synthetic extensions as well. However, if you cannot find a shampoo for synthetic hair, then a mild shampoo works fine too. Not all shampoos are labeled mild or strong, so look for a shampoo without “sulfates,” which is a strong cleansing agent. Shampoos without sulfates are much gentler on the hair, and they're usually labeled as “sulfate-free” on the front of the bottle. You should be able to buy shampoos for synthetic wigs and extensions at a beauty supply store or wig store. (Try only to use conditioner if you can.) That said, you should only wash synthetic hair if it is smelly or visibly dirty. Washing will not add shine or strengthen the hair, and you should not wash it too often. Comb out tangles with a wide tooth comb gently. A wide tooth comb won't snag the hair like a comb with smaller teeth does. Work from the ends of the hair to the roots as you gently comb the tangles out. In other words, work from the bottom up. To make the combing process easier, wet the hair by spritzing it with a spray bottle filled with water or detangling spray. Then, comb the hair. If the hair has a really tight curl pattern, use your fingers to comb the hair. Your fingers are much gentler, won't snag the hair and won't disrupt the curl pattern like a comb does. If you are wearing a wig or clip-in extensions, you might find it easier to take them off and then comb them. Purchase a wig block at a beauty supply store, and set the wig on the block with T-pins. This will help you comb the hair. Fill up a sink basin with water. The water should be cool to lukewarm -- not hot. Make sure that the water is not too hot or it might affect the smoothness or texture of the hair. Fill up the sink to a level high enough to immerse all of the hair in the water. Mix a capful of shampoo formulated for synthetic hair into the water. If you are washing a lot of hair, then mix two capfuls of shampoo into the water. Use your best judgment to decide if you need one or two capfuls. You don't want to use too much shampoo because you don't want the cleanser to strip the hair of any coatings that give it a sheen or change the look and feel of the hair. Using too much shampoo or a harsh shampoo can make the hair look dull. Immerse your wig or hair extensions in the water. The hair should be fully submerged. Make sure it absorbs the water. Push it down under the water if necessary. If the hair is not wet enough, then the shampoo won't be able to cleanse the hair. Swish the hair around in the water by moving it from side to side. This is a method of agitating the hair without rubbing or scrubbing. Then, dunk the hair up and down. Go back and forth between swishing and dunking the hair until you think it is clean. Rinse the hair with cool water. Cool water closes the hair cuticles on human hair. On synthetic hair, cool water won't disrupt any of the coatings on the hair or alter the curl pattern like hot water can. So, rinse out the hair thoroughly with cool water until all of the lather has rinsed out and the water runs clear. Purchase a detangling conditioner. You want to prevent the hair from detangling at all costs. If the hair gets tangled, then you will have to painstakingly detangle it without messing up the texture, curl or wave pattern of the hair. Since the hair is not natural, moisturizing conditioner won't be as effective as it is on human hair because the synthetic hair can't absorb it. Conditioners are usually labeled by type. So, they will say moisturizing, volumizing, or detangling on the front of the bottle. If you are still having trouble finding a detangling shampoo, check the children's section. Several companies make shampoos and detangling conditioners for children. If you want to add some sheen back to the hair, purchase a conditioner with some natural oils such as avocado or jojoba oil. Refill the sink basin with water. Use cool water. Cool water is the best temperature to use for synthetic hair. Fill it up to a level high enough to cover all of your hair once you put it in the sink. If you're wearing your extensions, your hair should still be wet after rinsing out the shampoo. Add a capful of conditioner to the water. Again, if you are washing and conditioning a lot of hair, use your best judgement. Add two capfuls of conditioner. You don't want to add too much though. Too much conditioner can weigh the hair down. If you are wearing your extensions as you condition them, add one or two capfuls directly to your hair and distribute evenly. Swish the hair back and forth in the water. Agitate the hair by gently moving it back and forth in the water, just as you did before. You want just a bit of the conditioner to grab hold of the hair and condition it. Too much will weigh the hair down and make it look greasy since synthetic hair can't absorb the conditioner the way human hair can. Keep swishing the hair around for a few minutes until you think the hair is conditioned. Let the conditioner sit in the hair. Do not rinse it out.The conditioner should remain in the hair even if it is not a leave-in. If you prefer, use a leave-in conditioner on the hair instead. Use a water-based leave-in that typically comes in a spritz-style spray bottle. You also can let the hair sit in the conditioner water for 10 to 15 minutes if you're washing the extensions in the sink. You can make your own leave-in conditioner by pouring a cap of detangling conditioner into a spray bottle and filling the bottle with water. Shake to combine the two ingredients, and spray on hair as needed. If you think that you have added a bit too much conditioner to the hair, spritz the hair with water from a spray bottle to gently rinse out some of it. Squeeze the excess water out of the hair. Simply place the hair in the palm of your hand. Then, close your hand as if you're making a fist to squeeze out the excess water. Work from the ends of the hair to the top while gently squeezing. Don't rub the hair against a towel, and don't ring the hair the way you would ring out a towel. Place the hair extensions on a towel. Place each extension on a towel with space between each track so that the pieces don't overlap. They will take longer to dry if you pile them on top of each other. Don't disturb the hair by brushing or combing it while it is wet If you're drying a wig, place it on a wig stand to dry. Air-dry the hair. Don't use a blowdryer. Blow drying the hair can permanently change the curl or wave pattern of the hair. In other words, it can damage the hair. Some synthetic hair has been specially formulated to work with hot tools, but most have not. It should say if you can use hot tools on your synthetic hair on the package. Even then, check the label to see if you can blow dry the hair. For best results, allow the hair to air dry even if you can use hot tools on the hair. This applies to clip-in and non-clip-in extensions. Comb with a wide-toothed comb. Using a wide-toothed comb ensures that you'll have far fewer snags when you're combing the hair since the teeth are wider. If the curl pattern is especially tightly curled, use your fingers to finger comb the hair. In this case, your fingers are your best tool. Don't brush curly or wavy synthetic hair with bristled brushes such as boar bristle brushes. These kinds of brushes can mess up the pattern and texture of the hair. Spritz the hair with water to comb it. If the hair is curly, wavy or textured, this will be especially helpful. Water helps add slip so that you can move the comb through the hair easily. If you need more slip, add a little bit of leave-in conditioner to the water in the spray bottle. You also can purchase wig spray to comb the hair. Lots of synthetic hair is tightly curled textured hair because synthetic hair can recreate the texture and curls of specific types of hair that is difficult to recreate with straight human hair -- the original state of most extensions. Synthetic hair creates texture and holds the curl and waves better than human hair does. So, if you're using curly and wavy synthetic hair and you want it to last longer, spritz the hair with water and comb through with your fingers. Set hot tools to a cool setting. If you have synthetic hair that you can use hot tools on, make sure you use a cool setting on the flat iron or curling iron. Otherwise, you might melt the hair. Also, styling changes that you make with hot tools can set the hair permanently. So, be careful when you're using flat irons and curling irons.. You also can curl straight synthetic hair with hot water. Set the hair on rollers, or whatever you're using as a curling rod. Then, dip the hair in very hot water, or spray hot water on the hair if you're wearing them. Place the hair on a towel to dry or let it air dry, and then remove the curling rods once it's dry. Only do this if you really want to change the style of the hair. It's not recommended to curl it and then try to straighten it. Synthetic hair can't undergo frequent style changes so easily without damaging the hair. If your synthetic hair does not say that you can use hot tools on it, then don't. You might ruin or melt the hair. Trim frizzy ends. Uneven, tangled and knotted ends can make your extensions look damaged and unkempt. Trim off the ends when they start to look bad. It will instantly revive the look of the hair and make it look better. Rub some oil onto your extensions and comb it through. When your extensions start to look dry or without sheen, rub a light weight oil such as jojoba oil through the hair. Leave it for an hour, and then wipe off excess oil by blotting with a towel.. If necessary, wash out the excess with a dollop of mild shampoo and rinse. Most synthetic extensions are naturally shinier than human hair, so only do this if they appear dull. Remove the hair extensions before they look ratty. Hair extensions tend to move up the hair shaft at around the six week point, making them become loose or uneven. After a while, even if you take good care of them, eventually they will have to be removed. They don't last forever. So, plan a return trip to the hairdresser to get some replacements reinstalled. 
Know the heat capacity formula. Heat Capacity of an object can be calculated by dividing the amount of heat energy supplied (E) by the corresponding change in temperature (T). Our equation is: Heat Capacity = E / T. Example: It takes 2000 Joules of energy to heat a block up 5 degrees Celsius -- what is the heat capacity of the block? Heat Capacity = E / T Heat Capacity = 2000 Joules / 5 C Heat Capacity = 400 Joules per degree Celsius (J/C) Find the difference in temperature for changes of multiple degrees. For example, if I want to know the heat capacity of a block, and I know it takes 60 Joules to raise the temperature of the block from 8 degrees to 20 degrees, I need to know the difference between the two temperatures to get my heat capacity. Since 20 - 8 = 12, the temperature of the block changed by 12 degrees.  Therefore: Heat Capacity = E / T Heat Capacity of the block = 60 Joules / (20C - 8C) 60 Joules / 12 C Heat Capacity of the Block = 5 J/C Add the appropriate units to your answer to give it meaning. A heat capacity of 300 means nothing if you don't know how it was measured. Heat Capacity is measured by energy needed per degree. So if we measure the energy in joules, and the change of temperature in Celsius, our final answer will represent how many Joules we needed per degree Celsius. Thus we would represent our answer as 300 J/C, or 300 Joules per degree celsius. If you measure heat energy in calories and temperature in Kelvin, your final answer would be 300 C/K. Know that this equation works for cooling objects as well. When something becomes two degrees colder, it loses the exact same amount of heat as it would gain to become 2 degrees warmers. Thus, if you are asked, "What is the heat capacity of an object if it loses 50 Joules of energy and drops 5 degrees Celsius," you can still use our equation: Heat Capacity: 50J / 5C Heat Capacity = 10 J/C Know that specific heat refers to the energy needed to raise one gram by one degree. When you find the heat capacity of one unit of something (1 gram, 1 ounce, 1 kilogram, etc), you've found this object's specific heat. Specific heat tells you the amount of energy needed to raise each unit one degree. For example, it takes.417 Joules to raise 1 gram of water 1 degree Celsius. So, water's specific heat is.417 J/C per gram. The specific heat of a material is constant. That means that all pure water has the same specific heat--.417 J/C. Use the heat capacity formula to find a material's specific heat. Finding it is easy, simply divide your final answer by the mass of the object. This tells you how much energy was need for each bit of the object, like how many joules changes the temperature in just one gram of ice. Example: "I have 100 grams of ice. It takes 406 Joules to raise the temperature of ice 2 degree Celsius-- what is the specific heat of ice?"' Heat Capacity for 100g Ice = 406J / 2C Heat Capacity for 100g Ice = 203 J/C Heat Capacity for 1g Ice = 2.03 J/C per gram If you are confused, think of it this way -- it takes 2.03 Joules to raise every single gram of ice one degree. So, if we have 100 grams of ice we need 100 times as many Joules to heat it all. Use specific heat to find the energy needed to raise any material to any temperature. A material's specific heat is tells you how much energy is needed to raise one unit (usually 1 gram) a single degree. To find the heat needed to raise any object to any temperature, we simply multiply all of the parts together. Energy Needed = Mass x Specific Heat x Temperature Change. The answer is always in your unit of energy such as Joules. Example:" If the specific heat of aluminum is.902 Joules per gram, how many Joules does it take to raise 5 grams of aluminum 2 degrees Celsius? Energy Needed = 5g x.902J/C x 2C Energy Needed = 9.2 J Know the specific heat of common materials. To help practice, learn the common specific heats that you might see on a test or encounter in real life. What can you learn from them? Notice, for example, that the specific heat of metals is much lower than wood -- this is why a metal spoon heats up quicker than wood if left in a hot cup of chocolate. Lower specific heats mean an object gets hot faster. Water: 4.179 J/C Air: 1.01 J/C Wood: 1.76 Aluminum:.902 J/C Gold:.129 J/C Iron:.450 
Wear the necessary safety gear. If you want to play it safe, don a ventilated breathing mask or respirator, and make sure you've got a pair of rugged work gloves on anytime you're handling the pressure washer. At the very least, pull on some rubber gloves and a facemask. Since you'll potentially be encountering mold, mildew, algae and other icky substances, it's important to make sure there's a barrier in place over your nose and mouth. A pair of goggles or other form of eye protection can also come in handy for preventing water from splashing back into your eyes. Remove or cover nearby objects. Any furniture in the immediate vicinity should be put into temporary storage to protect it from all the water and dirt particles that will soon be flying around. Likewise, it's a good idea to drape a tarp over plants and other outdoor fixtures that might be damaged by the stream. Assuming off-site storage isn't an option, move furniture and appliances a safe distance away from where you'll be operating the pressure washer. Cover all exposed electrical components. To avoid shorts and other mishaps, you'll want to make sure that no moisture enters any of your home's outdoor electrical outlets or ports. The same goes for external wiring, light fixtures, and any other equipment. Go ahead and unplug anything that's currently connected as an added safety precaution. If you're unable to find covers to fit your home's outlets, you can conceal them with small squares of plastic anchored with waterproof tape. Scrub away mold and mildew by hand. Combine one part normal household bleach with ten parts water in a spray bottle. Liberally mist areas with the heaviest buildup and discoloration, then wipe them down by hand using a soft cloth or sponge. When you're finished, rinse the entire surface with fresh, clean water from a hose. Bleach is mildly caustic and can irritate your skin if it gets on you, so be sure to wear gloves. A preliminary bleach treatment will help eliminate the worst of the mold, making it easy for the pressure washer to take care of the rest. Use an appropriate cleaning solution. It's recommended that you use some type of solution when pressure washing your home's exterior, even if you've already treated it with bleach. Some pressure washer models feature a separate compartment for adding soaps and detergents. After filling this compartment, an internal injector will mix the soap and water together into a single stream that annihilates stains and disinfects at the same time. Look for products that have been approved specifically for use in pressure washers. Cleaning with water alone won't kill mold and bacteria, which means it's possible for them to make a quick comeback. Start with a low pressure setting. Initially, it's a good idea to keep the pressure washer set to a PSI of around 1,300-1,600 until you see what effect it will have on the delicate vinyl. For a less concentrated stream, fit the nozzle with a 25 degree spray tip. It's also a good idea to stay further away from the work surface so it's not being hit with the most forceful part of the stream. A standard gasoline or electric washer with a pressure rating around 3,000 PSI should provide more than enough force to effectively clean even hard-to-reach places. Perform a few test sprays on one of the lower corners of the siding to help you get used to the power. Increase the pressure incrementally. If the stream isn't forceful enough to get the siding sufficiently clean, crank it up little by little. This can be done by adjusting the nozzle in either direction (right for more power, left for less) or simply moving closer to the work surface. Even the most persistent stains shouldn't require you to use more than 3,000 PSI. Begin with a small section of the siding. Start at one corner and keep the nozzle fixed in one place, holding it steady while it chips away at the accumulated dirt and discoloration. Then, slowly and deliberately move on to the surrounding area. Continue spraying until the targeted area is completely free of residue. If needed, you can go over the same spot a few times to loosen stubborn dried buildup. Take your time. Long-standing messes may not come off right away. Blast the surface clean using smooth, sweeping motions. Work your way up and down first, then left to right. Keep the nozzle moving and let the water peel away the caked-on grime gradually. Avoid spraying in circles, swirls, or other indiscriminate patterns. Not only is this inefficient, it can also leave behind noticeable streaks due to the way it pushes the dirt around. Work in sections. After you've completed a 2–3 foot (0.61–0.91 m) wide strip of siding, move over and clean the next strip. Going over one part of the surface at a time is much quicker and more systematic than spraying aimlessly. It will also result in fewer missed spots, guaranteeing a more thorough cleaning. Look closely for any small patches dirt or grime that you may have overlooked before moving on to rinsing. Hold the nozzle straight or at a slight downward angle at all times. This will minimize the amount of water that finds its way behind the siding. Never spray in an upward direction, as this just pushes the water directly up into the spaces between the overlapping segments. You may have to stand on a ladder to hit the upper areas of the exterior without pointing the nozzle upwards. If too much water become trapped, it can cause bulging, mold buildup, and electrical issues, or even weaken your home's framework or foundation. Let the cleaning solution sit for several minutes. As they sit, the water and cleaner will work together to soften stubborn stains from the surface of the vinyl. The siding can then simply be rinsed clean with a stream of fresh water. Do not allow the solution to dry completely. It could leave behind unsightly streaks or scummy residue. Rewet the sections you've gone over previously as needed to prevent them from drying while you work on the rest of the siding. Empty out the cleaning solution. Before you begin rinsing, first get rid of all traces of detergent so that you're running clean water through the pressure washer. Hold down the trigger of the wand for a few seconds to make sure the line is clear. Switch to a lower pressure. To avoid putting anymore unnecessary stress on the vinyl, adjust the pressure setting to somewhere between 1,000 and 1,200. Since you've already removed all visible dirt and stains, you'll only need enough pressure to wash away the remaining cleaning solution. Alternatively, you can also use a garden hose for a gentler touch. Fitting the nozzle with a 40 or 60 degree spray tip will allow you to cover a much broader surface area at once. Rinse the siding from top to bottom. This time, you'll want to work in the opposite direction so the soap washes down the exterior. Otherwise, it's possible to leave streaks. As you did when cleaning, proceed one section at a time, rinsing until the water runs clear and no traces of soap remain. If necessary, take an occasional break to give the excess runoff time to drain. Allow the siding to air dry. Depending on the weather, this could take anywhere from a few hours to overnight. Get started early so there will be plenty of sunlight left by the time you finish. If desired, you can use a chamois to pat down narrow nooks and other parts of the exterior that don't get as much exposure. Plan your project for a day with warm, dry conditions to help speed up the drying time. Clean your vinyl siding regularly. Aim to give your home's exterior some attention every other year. Generally, this type of project is best suited for summer—warm, sunny weather will help slow the growth of new mold and make wet jobs more tolerable. When properly cared for, your vinyl siding has the potential to last for decades. If you live in a cool, moist climate or your home is situated in a shady location where it doesn't receive much direct sunlight, you may need to increase the frequency to once a year. Following an initial pressure washing, you'll most likely be able to get by with some old fashioned elbow grease until time and inclement weather make another deep cleaning necessary. Touch up the siding manually between cleanings. Scrub exposed surfaces periodically with a mild bleach solution to prevent day-to-day buildup from getting out of control. By staying on top of things, you may even be able to reduce the frequency of more intensive cleanings to every three or four years. For a little extra scrubbing power, opt for a Brillo pad or use a stiff-bristled scouring brush. One of these tools will be able to dig into the soft surface of the vinyl better than an ordinary cloth or sponge. Add touching up your exterior to your list of bi-monthly chores to complete around the house. Inspect for signs of damage and deterioration. Each cleaning should begin and end with a thorough visual assessment. Should you happen to discover potential problem areas, get in touch with the contractor who originally installed your siding. These will need to be dealt with sooner rather than later by patching or replacing the damaged section. Over time, exposure to the elements or the impact from falling tree branches and other debris can cause considerable wear and tear. If not addressed right away, damaged siding can become an eyesore or even fail, putting your home at risk for more serious issues like leaks, drafts, and water damage. 
Establish a base level of fitness. If you're starting from zero, shooting out the front door and onto your first 10k will leave you frustrated, angry, and so sore you never do it again. In other words, don't bite off more than you can chew. If you start running with no prior exercise habits, you'll probably end up hurting yourself and quitting before you ever really started. The simplest thing to do would be to start walking. But it can be anything -- as long as you're getting physically active on a regular basis, your body will be able to handle the impending pavement pounding. Go hiking, swimming, or dancing. If it's fun, all the better! Get a good pair of running shoes. Some research suggests that barefoot running leads to fewer injuries than running in running shoes, even the fanciest ones. However, you're probably not going to be running barefoot anywhere, unless it's after chasing a kid or a meatball that rolled away unexpectedly. So look for a shoe that can simulate running barefoot. If you're willing to rock those toe shoes (Vibrams), more power to you, but there are many minimalist running shoes that do not have toe sleeves. A good pair of shoes should not disrupt the way you run. Warm up. The last thing you want is shin splints, a pulled hamstring, or some other injury that can be avoided. Take five or ten minutes before your run to warm up. However, this does not mean stretching. In fact, static stretching beforehand can hurt you! Instead, warm up your muscles by doing deadlifts, donkey kicks, lunges, and other similar exercises that stretch your muscles, but also get them working. Save the stretching for after the run. Keep a relaxed stance. Make sure your body is fluid and relaxed , but not hunched over. Try to keep your shoulders and arms loose while keeping your back straight. Keep your head and neck relaxed, too. Holding tension there extends down through your spine and the rest of your body, which can tire you out well before you would be otherwise. Breathe steadily and deeply. What matters most is that you breathe with a rhythm that provides a consistent supply of oxygen to your body. Instead of being a chest-breather, be a belly-breather. Make a conscious effort to fill up your stomach, using your diaphragm. You'll get more oxygen and your muscles (heart included) will be less tired. Don't worry about whether you are breathing through the nose or the mouth. Some runners find that breathing through their mouth gets them the most oxygen, while others find that breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth works best. Find whatever seems efficient to you. If you're running at an easy pace, you should be able to carry on a simple conversation with a running partner without gasping. If you cannot, you are running too fast to go very far. Look ahead. Keep your head in a neutral position, not looking up or down. Look approximately 35 feet in front of you if you're running a distance of more than 400 meters. If you're on a treadmill, try not to look down at your feet or the controls too much; it puts tension on your back. Know how to move your arms. Keep your elbows at around a 90 degree angle, close to your body. Use a 110 degree angle for long-distance (except when you are working up a hill). Swing each arm forward and backward in time with the opposite leg; this provides momentum and prevents your body from twisting. Do not tense your fists. It will waste energy and make your palms sweaty. Imagine that you have two fragile items in each of your hands and if you tense too hard, you will break them. Don't let your hands cross the midline of your torso, or you'll create a twisting motion. This could cause cramps. Increase your cadence. Aim to hit the ground about 180 times per minute. The simplest way to do this is to minimize the time your feet are on the ground. Whether you're in a light jog or running from a crowd it is up to you -- just don't go so hard you hurt yourself! Do what's comfortable. If you can't run an 8-minute mile, don't be hard on yourself. It'll come with time. The fact that you're out there and running is great! Simply aim to improve a little bit every time you pound the pavement. Control how you land on your feet. Have your feet land under you as you run. Try mimicking it when you go for your real runs at the gym or on the trail. However, don't be too strict in your control. It should feel natural. Don't try to force a certain kind of strike as forcing it will add strain on your body. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/ef\/Run-Step-10-Version-6.jpg\/v4-460px-Run-Step-10-Version-6.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/e\/ef\/Run-Step-10-Version-6.jpg\/aid88372-v4-728px-Run-Step-10-Version-6.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} If you're sprinting, you want to stay on the balls of your feet as much as is humanly possible. The more you barely touch the ground, the more you'll practically be flying. However, even if you're running long distances, it's best to stay off your heels. When you land with the back of your foot, the angle you create from foot to calf (you're forming an unnatural "V" shape) can lead to injury. Start jogging in place, then lean forward from the hips. Voila! You're running! See you soon. Cool down and stretch. Before ending your workout, slowly taper your run down to a jog, and your jog down to a walk, over the course of about 5 minutes. This allows your circulation and breathing to normalize after your run, minimizing the work your heart has to do. Now it's time for stretching. Concentrate on your calves, glutes, and hamstrings since those are the ones that worked the hardest. It's incredibly important to stretch after running because during, the muscles have a tendency to tighten up. Stretching them out relaxes them and returns them to normal. How you need them tomorrow! Warm up. If you're running around a track, do one lap at a walk and another at a jog. You're sort of easing your mind and body into the oncoming sprints. Just like in the previous section, don't stretch now -- stretch later. Warm up your core muscles and your legs not by stretching but with core exercises like lunges and deadlifts. Run all out. The length of your sprint is up to you -- do you want to do it by distance or time? If you're aiming for interval training (which is a great idea), keep it to about 30 seconds. Interval training seems to be where it's at. If you're looking for a quick way to blast away calories with the strength of a zillion lightsabers or if you're just low on time, this is the workout for you. All you do is run SUPER FAST for about 30 seconds, slow down for a minute, and repeat. Continue the cycle for about 15 minutes, adjusting as you need to. And then ta da! Finished. Lunch break over. Run faster by using your entire body. There are two ways here to run faster: using your core and using your arms. You can use your own body to your advantage when it comes to getting that faster time. You'll find that leaning a bit forward propels your body to run faster to balance your weight. This is helpful when running uphill, but can lead to injury otherwise. Take this piece of advice with a grain of salt. In addition to placing your core forward, use your arms for momentum. Keep them in a straight line, mirroring the movement of your legs. Keep them loose and not hunched up to your shoulders -- ow. Slow down. After your sprints, cool down for a moment and walk. This allows you to normalize your oxygen levels again and prepare for the next sprint. If you experience pain, stop. It's your body telling you it should not be doing what you're making it do. It's better to stop now to be okay later than to not stop now and not be okay later. Sip water. If you need water between sprints, take small sips. Don't guzzle or gulp, even if it's tempting; consuming too much water in the middle of a run can lead to cramps. That being said, it's very important to stay hydrated. If you're not, you may experience dizziness or even fainting. If you don't drink water during your run, make sure to drink it before and after. Cool down and stretch out. Gently work your muscles after your sprints to reduce cramping and shin splints. Do light versions of the exercises you did to warm up in addition to stretching. Walk around the area or for another minute or so on the treadmill. Your heart works to speed your body up and slow it down, so going from 140 to 60 is just as hard on it as going 60 to 140. You're probably running to be healthy, so it's best to do it right! Get the right fit for your shoes. Make sure your running shoes fit your feet as close as they can without being too tight. You don't want to be distracted by blisters in the middle of your run. The longer you run, the better your shoes need to be. If you run every day, your shoes will only last 4-6 months. If your feet all of a sudden begin hurting, it's high time to get a new pair. To increase shoes' lifespan you can swap two pairs every day, which will allow moisture to evaporate and cushioning to decompress. There are shoe stores that can design shoes for your feet. If you can afford it, consider getting shoes that match your arch and shape. Load up on carbs. If you're going for a 10k or more, it's wise to load up on carbs a day or two before. But you've got to do it right! You don't want too much fiber, protein, or fat. And it needs to be easily digestible to avoid risk of nausea during the race! Tortillas, oatmeal, bread, pancakes, waffles, bagels, yogurt, and juice are all good, high-carb, easy-to-digest options. Fruit has carbs, too, but many are high-fiber, so peel the skin beforehand. Don't feel guilty -- you'll definitely burn the calories later. A phenomenon many serious runners have made a habit of is pounding energy goo (or Gu, if you want to go brand-name). It's basically sugar and carbs in goo form, though you can get some that's chewable. It replenishes your glucose levels and will give you a burst about 20 minutes after consuming it. Many swear by it! Try out the goo while you're still training. You don't want stomach troubles during a long race! Warm up. Run at a conversational pace or a little slower for 10 minutes and a quicker pace for 5. Then follow it with drills. (High knees, Butt kicks, skipping)  This will get your circulation going without expending too much energy prematurely. It's all about getting primed and having your heart rate begin to rise. Do some core exercises, too. Regardless of whether you're sprinting or running long distances, the importance of warming up remains the same. Pace yourself. At the beginning of a long run, you'll be ready and raring to go. You'll start off like a bat out of hell...and then tire really quickly. Instead of running all out (like you would in a sprint), run at a pace you can keep steadily. You'll last much, much longer. You probably know what you're capable of. As long as you're training, if you find yourself slowly getting capable of more and more, you're doing it right. Each person has their own level of expectation and improvement. Know what yours is and aim for it. Do not give up when you're tired. When you're tired, try focusing on another goal, such as another half mile, or think of something to treat yourself with once you finish. For beginning runners, a common goal is running for around 10 minute mile pace. If time is a factor you're considering, try timing your miles or kilometers and aiming for a specific, timed goal. Stay hydrated. It's of utmost importance that you stay hydrated during a long run. If it is longer than 50 minutes on a hot day, have a water stop. However, if you take water with you on your run , only drink small sips. Guzzling water in the middle of a run will lead to cramps. And it may make you need to pee! Keep your water cold, if you can. The colder it is, the faster it will get absorbed into your system. Since you're sweating so much, staying hydrated is key! Cool down. At the end of your run, downshift to a jog, then a walk. Your heart rate should be close to resting speed by the time you stop. Stopping like you hit a brick wall will put your heart and muscles on high alert, jarring them. That's the kind of activity that leads to injury! Do not let this become a part of the workout however. If you are on a 30 minute run, do a 30 minute run, and then, and only then, the cool down. And the next time you go running, aim for a bit longer or a bit faster! Clean up your diet. Technically, to run, you could eat whatever the heck you like. However, it's gonna be a lot easier to run and feel good during and after if you're loading up on healthy stuff beforehand. A good way to think about it would be to eat like a caveman -- going as au natural as possible. If it's processed, do your best to avoid it. Fruits and veggies should make up a large portion of your diet, with some lean meat, low-fat dairy, and whole grains thrown in. If you want to see changes in your body, this step is a must-do. Start strength training if your goal is to lose weight. Straight up, running doesn't do wonders for toning your body, at least your upper body. It's a great way to lose weight and burn fat -- but unfortunately, it can burn muscle, too. If you just run, you may end up with that "skinny-fat" look. It doesn't have to be much and it doesn't have to be in the gym. Simply doing core workouts (like planks, etc.) can tone your upper bits. Stick to a couple times a week -- your muscles need time to heal themselves after getting ripped, torn, and creating new fibers. Scope out a trail. Getting started running is a lot about not getting discouraged too soon. If you think it's too difficult or not enjoyable enough, you won't stick with it. If you're hitting the gym, find a gym that's convenient to get to and that has nice equipment. If you're running outside, consider terrain, scenery, and level. Are you running on dirt, gravel, or blacktop? Is it pretty enough to keep you relaxed and in the zone? Is there plenty of flat terrain, or is it uphill or downhill? Get gear. All you really need to run is a good pair of shoes. If the budget doesn't allow for the fancy, technical gear, don't sweat it. You don't need any. Women should have a decent sports bra, but that's about it. CoolMax or Dri-Fit are two brands of synthetic fabrics that keep the moisture (read: sweat) off your skin if you're interested, but you can run just as well as long as you're comfortable. Join a club. Odds are your area has a running, triathlon, or marathon club you can join. Being surrounding by like-minded people will only fill you with more gusto -- and it'll keep you on track when you're feeling less than motivated. Need a buddy to run a race with? Problem solved. Don't know where to find one? Try your local running shoe shop. It's probably a smaller network of serious runners than you realize! Soon you'll be on a first name basis. Sign up for a race. Now that you're a runner, might as well do some good with your new hobby! There are millions of 5 and 10ks out there to support good causes. With two minutes of research, you're bound to find one in your area! 
Line your body up perpendicular to the target. When you're ready to shoot, line yourself up so that, if you drew an imaginary line from yourself to the target, the line would go across your feet. If you are right eye dominant, hold the bow with your left hand, point your left shoulder to the target, and handle the arrow and string with your right hand. If you are left eye dominant, do the reverse. Stand upright and place your feet shoulder-width apart. Pinch your buttocks together to bring your pelvis forward. Keep your back erect so that, when you pull the string, your arms and shoulders form a "T” shape. Your stance should be comfortable enough to hold for long periods of time, but also firm and alert. Point your bow down and attach an arrow to the string. Point your bow toward the ground and place the shaft of an arrow on the arrow rest. Attach the back of the arrow to the bow string via the small plastic component with a groove in it, called the nock. If the arrow has 3 vanes, or fletching feathers, orient the arrow so that a single vane points away from the bow. Then, place the arrow below the nock bead or, if there are 2 beads, in between them. Use 3 fingers to lightly hold the arrow on the string. If you're shooting with a sight, place your index finger above the arrow and your middle and ring fingers below. This is called the Mediterranean draw or "split finger" style. If you're shooting without a sight, place all 3 fingers below the arrow, which will bring the arrow closer to your eye. Use your thumb to support the back of the arrow and keep it straight. Point your bow toward the target. With your fingers on the drawstring, raise your bow and hold it out toward the target. Your inner elbow should be parallel to the ground and the bow should always remain vertical. When held properly, you should be able to look straight down the spine of the arrow. Use 3 fingers to pull the bow’s drawstring back toward your face. Use your back muscles for strength and let your arm stay as relaxed as possible. Keep pulling until the bow feels tight, then use your chin, ear, or another body part as a reference point, that way you can draw the string back to the same spot each time. Try to draw the string as far back as possible. This increases accuracy and dampens the effect of wind and gravity. When you pull back the string, lift your elbow up. This makes your shoulder muscles work instead of your arm muscles. Aim at your target. Most casual archers will use a technique known as instinctive shooting. In this method, simply point your bow so that the tip of the arrow lines up with your target. If you want to fine-tune your aim, try purchasing an adjustable sight that attaches to the front of your bow. When shooting, you can either close your non-dominant eye or keep both eyes open. Release the arrow by relaxing the fingers on your string hand. The goal is to get a clean release, meaning the bow leaves your fingers with as little slowdown and interference as possible. While this may sound simple, the manner in which you release your fingers from the bowstring can impact the arrow's flight, and any unintended flinches or wobbles can knock it off course. After releasing the arrow, wait until it hits the target to lower the bow. Do not move your hand forward to "boost" the arrow while you shoot. Remain still for the best shot possible. Pay attention to the bow's recoil or follow through, as it may indicate problems with your form. Pull or crank the string to cock the bow. If you're using a manual crossbow, place your foot into the stirrup located at the front of the bow, then pull the string toward the back of the device until it cocks. Make sure to keep the string as even as possible. For crank crossbows, attach your crank to the device if necessary, then simply turn the crank until the bow cocks. Load the crossbow with an arrow. After cocking the bow, place a crossbow bolt or arrow into the barrel of the device and line the cock vane up with the barrel channel. For safety, load the arrow from the top of the device, keeping your hand away from the main chamber and the front of the bow at all times. Bring the bow to your shoulder. Similar to a rifle, bring the crossbow up to your dominant shoulder and either push it into the pocket of your shoulder or let it sit on top of your shoulder. Then, place your non-dominant hand below the crossbow to steady it, making sure to keep your fingers away from the main chamber. Do not freehand your crossbow as it can lead to inaccurate and dangerous shots. Freehanding is when someone holds their crossbow in 1 hand and attempts to shoot it. Aim your shot using the bow’s sight pin or scope. If your crossbow has a scope, peer through it and line the aiming reticles up with your target. Make sure to check your scope's user manual so you know what each reticle means. If your device does not have a specialty scope, line up your shot using the crossbow's peep sight or other alignment device. Fire your crossbow. When you're ready to shoot, hold your crossbow steady and double check your scope or sight. Then, pull the trigger like you would on a gun. When the arrow releases, you'll hear a slight pop from the trigger. Determine your dominant eye. With archery, eye dominance is more important than hand-dominance because your dominant eye is what will handle aiming and judging distances. To figure out which of your eyes is dominant, point your finger toward a distant wall or object and close 1 of your eyes. If your finger appears to jump, you closed your dominant eye. Buy a bow that matches your dominant eye. Most archery equipment is labeled as "right-handed" or "left-handed" in reference to which hand pulls back the bowstring. If your dominant eye does not line up with your dominant hand, purchase equipment for your weaker hand. Though it may take your hands some time to adjust, picking gear based on your eyes will boost your precision. Typically, you can use crossbows in either hand. Choose arrows to go with your bow. For crossbows, look for bolts that adhere to the length, density, and nock recommendations given by your bow's manufacturer. When dealing with drawstring bows, purchase arrows that are about 2 in (5.1 cm) longer than your draw length. If possible, purchase high-quality arrows made from carbon fiber, aluminium, fiberglass, or wood. If you're planning to shoot targets, get arrows with field point heads. If you're going hunting, use broadhead or blunt tips instead. Judo points are also used. They have small clasps that grip onto the prey after you shoot it. To find your draw length, pull back your bow as if you were going to shoot it. Then, have a friend measure the distance between the front of the bow and the back of the string. Purchase protective gear. Certain pieces of equipment are essential for ensuring both a safe and enjoyable shooting experience. Some items to consider buying include an arm-guard to cover you bow arm and protect it from bowstring slaps, a plastic chest protector to prevent string burn along your chest, gloves or a finger tab to protect your hands from string injuries, and a quiver to hold your arrows. The finger tab/glove is the most important. Without it, you can get permanent nerve damage even on a 20 lb. bow. Trying to tough it out is not a good option even if you have developed callouses by playing guitar or something else. Buy targets and other practice equipment. For archery, the best way to practice is with a personal target. These come in a variety of forms including bag targets, which work well for simple point heads, foam targets, which can handle notch and broadheads, and 3D targets, which look like wild animals, zombies, and other creatures. Along with targets, consider buying things like: Strength training bars Release trainers Practice bows 
Choose a theme and color scheme for your bathroom. Most people prefer refreshing themes and colors, such as cool blues, Zen, pale green, or nautical. You can choose something more unique, however, such as vintage , romantic, or ornate. Pastel colors are great for a vintage look, while deep reds and golds are perfect for an ornate look. You can also use neutral colors, such as white and black, or white and silver. Your theme can be specific, such as rustic farmhouse, or general, such as traditional or classic. Repaint your bathroom or bathroom furniture. You can repaint the entire bathroom , or you can paint just 1 wall an accent color. For example, if your bathroom's walls are all white, consider painting 1 wall a different color, like light blue or pale gray. Make sure that you use a paint suitable for humid, bathroom environments. The best paint finish for a bathroom will be satin or semi-gloss. Add some wallpaper as an alternative. You can apply the wallpaper over all of the bathroom's walls, or you can choose just 1 accent wall. You can also use a narrow strip of wallpaper trim along the top or middle of the wall instead. Make sure that the wallpaper matches the color and theme of your bathroom. Apply a wall treatment for an upscale design. Great options for your bathroom include tile, faux shiplap, stone, or glass. Although they're a more expensive decorative option, wall treatments last a long time and elevate your design. Make sure the wall treatment you pick is appropriate for a bathroom, since it will get humid. When in doubt, talk to a product representative. Use wall decals or framed artwork as a temporary option. If you live in a rental unit, you may not be able to repaint the walls or use wall paper. You can still use removable wall decals. You can also hang some framed artwork above the toilet or towel rack instead. Simple silhouettes work the best when it comes to wall decals. Try scrolls or filigree for a fancy look, or trees and greenery for a serene look. If your bathroom doesn't have good ventilation, the frames must contain glass. If you're wanting a temporary upscale look, you can install peel-and-stick tiles behind your sink to create a backsplash. You can find these at home improvement stores or online. Paint the back walls inside open shelving units. If you have shelves in your bathroom, consider painting the walls behind them a different color. This works best on shelves without cabinet doors, but you can do this on cabinets too. For example, if your bathroom has white walls, paint the walls behind the shelves a light gray for a subtle pop of color. If you want to add a designer touch to your shelves, you can install wallpaper or contact paper along the back wall instead of paint. As another option, you could apply the contact paper just on the shelves. Add a small, decorative stand or side table. Choose a small stand or a side table that is 12 to 18 inches (30 to 46 cm) across and tuck it into a niche or corner. Not only will this look cute, but it can double-up as extra storage. For example, you could keep candles or bowls filled with pretty soaps on top of the table. If your table has shelves, roll up your towels and place them inside the shelves. Not only is this a great decorative touch, it's also practical! Consider placing a nice tray atop the table for your toiletries or perfumes. Consider an upholstered bench for comfort and luxury. Choose a bench that matches the style and colors of your bathroom, then set it against the wall. If you have a small bathroom but still want a hint of luxury, consider an upholstered stool instead. Don't be afraid to take a bench apart and re-paint or re-upholster it. If you decide to re-upholster the bench, make sure you choose a water-resistant fabric. This is especially important if you plan to sit on the bench while wet or place wet items on the bench. Otherwise, it may develop mold or mildew. Get a shelving unit if you have space for it. Not only can this add a decorative element to your bathroom, but it will also allow you to store other items, such as towels, toilet paper, and so forth. Make the shelf more decorative by adding a plant or a vessel filled with pretty soaps or bath bombs. If you have a small bathroom, consider adding a single, narrow shelf just above the bathroom vanity. Store your perfumes, cosmetics, and toothbrushes on it. If you have a small bathroom, consider getting a mini metal shelving unit that you can place on your bathroom counter or hang above the toilet. Another option for shelving is floating shelves, which are great if you don't have the space for a unit. You can hang your floating shelves over your toilet or, if there's no shower, above the bathtub. Use your shelves for extra towels, rolls of toilet paper, personal care items, or decorations. Brighten up a dull bathroom with colorful towels or a bathmat. One of the quickest ways to change the look of your bathroom is by swapping out the towels and bathmat for something new. Consider the season. Warm colors work well for fall, while cool colors work better for winter. Pastels are great for spring, and bright colors are ideal for summer. Play around with different shades and layering. For example, try a light green hand towel over a dark green bath towel. Bathmats don't always have to be made from towel material. You can get wooden or bamboo ones too! Change out the shower curtain for something more exciting. If you have a plain white or frosted shower curtain, consider switching it out for a different one. Pick out a bright color that matches your towels. If solid colors aren't your thing, try a pattern instead. If you are going with a pattern, make sure that it matches the other colors in your bathroom. If you have a window in your bathroom, consider getting some mini curtains or blinds for it. Keep them open so that you have lots of daylight. If you have any curtains you aren't using, you can hang these over your plastic shower curtain to create a fancy look. Take advantage of natural lighting if your bathroom has it. Some bathrooms have windows in them. These are great of bringing in natural daylight and giving your bathroom a fresher look. Clear the area in front of the window, wipe the window clean, and repaint the sill, if needed. Decorate your window with opened curtains or plants, but keep it minimal so that the light can pass through. On the other hand, if your bathroom has a grand, luxurious theme, hanging heavy curtains in front of the window may work better. Trade out the light bulbs for something new. If you have lights above your bathroom mirror, consider switching them out for different ones. This can be as simple as changing the old, bright bulbs for frosted ones. It can be as fancy as getting actual lights with fancy covers or fixtures around them. If your lights have fixtures or covers, make sure that they match the other metallic elements in your bathroom. If you like to do makeup in your bathroom, choose lights with a bright, white glow. Avoid lights that give you a hazy, golden glow; it's not good lighting for makeup. If your bathroom is too dark, high-efficiency LED lights can give your bathroom a bright, white glow. Switch out the towel racks for something new. Make sure that the new towel racks match the other metal fixtures in your bathroom, however. For example, if you have gold faucets, you should get gold towel racks--not silver ones. Towel racks don't always have to look like horizontal rods or bars. You can get ones shaped like hooks or loops instead. If you can't afford to replace your towel racks, you can paint them instead! Simply take them off the wall and bring them outside. Use a metal spray paint to coat them in a new color. You could choose something metallic or mix it up with a fun shade that matches your bathroom, like a blue. Change your mirror, or put a frame around it. If your mirror looks plain, see if you can find a fancier mirror. Oval mirrors or mirrors with beveled edges are a great option. If you can't change your mirror, consider framing it instead. You can use an actual frame , or you can use glass mosaic tiles instead. If you are framing the mirror, use colors that match the other colors in your bathroom. Change the fixtures in your bathroom for a more adventurous project. This can be difficult for someone who has not done it before, so if the task is too intimidating for you, hire a handyman. Make sure that the colors go well with the overall theme of your bathroom. For example, if your bathroom is ornate with lots of burgundy and gold, consider gold fixtures. If your bathroom has a modern or Zen theme, try matte silver fixtures instead. Bring some character with candles or decorative items. Things like pillar candles, figurines, and vases all make great bathroom accents. Find some items that match the color and theme of your bathroom, then display them in an out-of-the-way area, such as a side table, a shelf, or the corner of the counter. If you are getting pillar candles, consider getting 3 candles that are the same color, but different heights and thicknesses. This will create some interesting variation. Make sure that the items you choose can withstand humid conditions. Avoid using breakable items, such as glass, if you have curious children or pets. Bring in some greenery with a plant or 2. Choose a plant that requires low levels of sunlight. Even if your bathroom has a window in it, it likely won't provide enough sunlight for your plant. Match the pots to your bathroom's tiles, towels, mat, or shower curtain. Every so often, move your plant into a bright window for a day or 2 so that it can absorb sunlight. Air plants are a great option for your bathroom! They'll thrive in the humid bathroom environment and require little care. Hang some fake, green floral garlands along the ceiling. Ivy is a classic choice, but you can also try ferns or wisteria. Store extra towels and toilet paper in baskets. Instead of keeping towels and toilet paper stacks on a shelf, put them into decorative storage baskets instead. Measure the depth of your shelf or cabinet first, then purchase some square or rectangular baskets that match those dimensions. You can also use wire or canvas baskets. Container stores, fabric stores, and craft stores generally have a vast selection. If you have space next to your sink or toilet, you can keep the baskets there as well. You are not just limited to towels and toilet paper; you can store other items that you want to keep out of sight too, such as hair styling tools. Keep cotton balls, Q-tips, and other toiletries in glass jars or vessels. Instead of leaving these items in the cabinet, transfer them into glass or clear acrylic containers, then keep the containers on your bathroom counter. Use 1 container for each type of item. For example, keep your cotton balls in a tall jar and your Q-tips in a squat container. Consider a vase or apothecary-style jar for extra bath bombs, mini lotion bottles, or hand soaps. Tiered cupcake stands and cake stands make cute displays for perfumes, nail polish, and other cosmetics. Old Mason jars are a great, low cost option for storing your items! If you don't like the look of them plain, add a ribbon or piece of fabric to make them match your decor. As another option, you could paint the jars, though you wouldn't be able to see into them anymore. Make use of soap dispensers and toothbrush holders. Instead of keeping your liquid hand soap in the plastic bottle it came in, pour it into a glass or ceramic soap dispenser. If you prefer to use solid soap, keep it in a little dish or tray instead. Keep your toothbrushes in a toothbrush holder. Make sure that it matches your soap dish or soap dispenser. If you like to use mouthwash, consider pouring it into a glass vessel or bottle instead. Have some paper cups nearby, so that you have something to pour the mouthwash into. 
Say “cảm ơn. ” The nearest equivalent to the English phrase “thanks,” in Vietnamese uses the words “cảm” and “ơn.” These two words together translate literally to the directive to “feel favor.” Use “cảm ơn” when thanking someone informally. In English, the phrase “thank you” has the person you are addressing built in – “you.” In Vietnamese, however, you'll also need to add a word to indicate the person you are addressing. Pronounce “cảm ơn” correctly. Since Vietnamese is a tonal language, pronunciation is extremely important to the meaning of both words and phrases. When you're hoping to say “thank you,” say “cảm” in a broken falling tone, and “ơn” in a flat tone. Since it is hard to imagine these sounds from simply reading about them, listen to recordings of the phrase online. When pronounced correctly, “cảm ơn” will sound like “gauhm uhhn”. The “auh” portion of the first word is sounded out in a rising, then falling voice. Include a personal pronoun. Increase the politeness of your expression by including a personal pronoun corresponding with the person you are addressing. In other words, say, “cám ơn,” in addition to an appropriate word for “you” in Vietnamese. Use “bà,” pronounced “baa,” when addressing an older woman, and “cô,” pronounced “coh,” to address a young girl. Use “ông”, pronounced “ohng,” to address a man who is older than you, and “anh,” pronounced “ang,” when thanking a young man. For instance; “cám ơn cô” means “thank you,” as you would say it to a young woman. Emphasize your gratitude. Add “nhiều lắm,” pronounced “nyee-oh luhm,” after saying “cảm ơn” to express especially strong gratitude. This addition indicates the English equivalent of "a lot" or "so much.” Accordingly, say, “cảm ơn nhiều lắm,” pronounced “gauhm uhhn nyee-oh luhm,” if you're hoping to more strongly convey your gratitude. Say thank you as formally as possible. The Vietnamese language includes another word to help express appreciation in contexts that requires extreme formality and politeness. In particular, the word “xin,” which translates to “to ask” or even “to beg” is placed before “cảm ơn.” Altogether, say “xin cảm ơn,” pronounced like “sin gauhm uhhn.” Smile when you receive a compliment. Vietnamese culture dictates that smiles are often used to convey appreciation instead of a verbal expression of thanks. Think of a smile as a silent “thank you.” Modesty is highly respected in Vietnamese culture, and deflecting a compliment with a smile is the best way to express appreciation for a compliment modestly. Similarly, if you pay someone a compliment, do not expect them to express their gratitude verbally. Accept a smile instead of many common phrases. In English, people are often quick to say “hello,” as well as “thank you” and “sorry” in many different contexts. In Vietnamese culture, a smile often take the place of these phrases. In fact, anyone who is older or in a position of authority will usually not thank younger or subordinate people verbally. Accordingly, do not be offended if you do not receive a verbal thank you for a favor. In particular, do not expect someone who is your parents age or a teacher to say thank you. Instead, you will likely receive a nod. Use other nonverbal expressions. Other expressions are also used to emphasize statements or replace verbal communication. Some common physical gestures, however, have different connotations in Vietnamese culture. For instance, avoid patting someone's back or pointing while talking, as these actions will be perceived as disrespectful. Similarly, avoid placing your hands in your pocket or on your hips, especially while expressing gratitude. Cross your arms when expressing gratitude. This is considered a sign of respect. Avoid holding eye contact. Eye contact with someone of a greater age or social status may be taken as a challenge. Meanwhile, eye contact with someone of the opposite gender indicates affection or desire. Accordingly, take care not to maintain eye contact with a anyone who may misread your expression. In fact, avoiding eye contact is a sign of respect. Since people maintain eye contact when speaking in many other cultures, averting your eyes may be hard to get used to. Practice looking away from a conversation partner's eyes before you go to Vietnam. Say “you’re welcome. ” In Vietnamese, the equivalent of the English phrase “you're welcome” is synonymous with “there isn't any problem.” Accordingly, say, “không có gì” to say “it's nothing” or “không có chi” to say “you're welcome” when someone thanks you. "Không" is spoken in a flat tone, while "có" is spoken in a rising tone. "Không có chi" is pronounced "khong koh tsee." 
Use a reputable news source. Choose a source that offers well-written and well-researched news. Avoid blogs and other personal websites, since these types of writings are more rooted in opinion than factual news. Determine the credibility of the source by examining the author, the news source, who owns the news source, and so on. Some possible news sources might include your local newspaper or larger newspapers such as The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Los Angeles Times and others. Check with your teacher for suggestions. He may have specific news sources to use. Choose an article that is less than one week old. Since the assignment is to write about a current event, select an article that is fresh. The article should only be one to two days old when you write the summary. It should definitely be less than one week old by the time you turn it in. Choose an article on the correct topic. You may have an assigned topic, such as healthcare, government, technology, international news, or sports. These are still very broad topics, so you should be able to find plenty of news on the topic. Most major newspapers have sections on their websites dedicated to certain topics. For example, the Washington Post has a section dedicated to “Tech.” Search online for an article on one of these topics. For example, try searching “healthcare news” to find new information. Make sure the article is a good length. You should choose an article that gives you enough information to work with. It should help you understand the topic at hand, and it should give you enough material to write about in your summary. An article that is one to two paragraphs long is probably not going to be lengthy enough. Read the entire article. Take some time to read through the entire article. Make sure you understand what the article says. Your objective with this assignment is to write a summary of the news story, so you need to fully understand the article. Look up any words you don't know. Take notes on the article or highlight passages that you think are important. Recount the article. After you've read the article, try to recount the article out loud. You can either tell someone else or just tell yourself. This will help you figure out the main idea of the article. The headline typically indicates the article's main idea, but the article will likely include more information that is relevant to your summary. Choose five main points from the article that you think are important. Read the article again. Once you've been able to retell the article's story, read through the article again. Did you catch an important point that you missed before? Make a list of the five Ws and H. The five Ws and H are: Who, What, When, Where, Why and How. These correspond to the details of the article that you've read. They help you make connections between the main idea and the various elements involved that make up the story. Give specific details for each one. For example: Who: This is the person or group involved in the story. For a story on a recent arson case, you might say, “The people involved are four teenage boys who were charged with arson, a police investigation team, and the community that lost its historic baseball stadium.” What: This is the event or the action discussed in the story. In an arson case, it might be: “The oldest wooden baseball stadium in the country burned to the ground.” When: This is the date and time when the event took place: “The stadium burned down at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, June 29.” Where: This is where the event took place: “The baseball stadium was in the middle of the city, surrounded by residences.” Why: This is the cause or reason for the event: “The summer has been unusually dry and hot. The stadium had been sitting empty for five years and was not patrolled by security.” How: This point explains the ways in which the events took place and the connections between them: “The teenagers walked into the stadium and began playing with lighters and loose debris. Once the fire was set, they ran off.” Write a sentence that gives the impact of the story. Why is this story important? Why are we talking about it? After your list of the five Ws and H, write down your thoughts on the impact or importance of the news story. Think about the story's connection to your community, the nation, or the world, for example. Set aside the article. When you start writing your summary, you want to be absolutely sure you are not plagiarizing in any way. Set aside the news article and instead, work with your list of the five Ws and H. Outline the news article. The first paragraph of the current events summary is a summary of the events discussed in the article. Write an outline of the article, focusing on the five Ws and H. You may choose to rearrange the five Ws and H so that your summary makes sense. When you recounted the article to someone else, you highlighted the most important parts of the article. These things will go in your outline. Now your job is to put them in an order that makes sense. Write your topic sentence. The topic sentence for this paragraph is the main idea of the article. This sentence gives your reader an overview of what your summary will be about. Build upon your introduction with information about what happened. The next few sentences are where you include your five Ws and H. Construct a logical way of telling the reader what happened. This may or may not be in the same order as the news article. Depending on your assignment, this might be three or four sentences, or it might be seven to nine sentences. Check your assignment for your length requirement. Write a closing sentence. The last sentence of your paragraph should reiterate the main idea of the news article. Choose wording that is different from your topic sentence. Outline your thoughts about the article. The reflection paragraph is your opportunity to make connections between this article and the community at large. Think about why this story is important. Think about the connection to your community, or your state, or the country. You might also think about the connection to your class. What themes are you discussing in class that relate to this article? Even though the reflection is short (usually just a paragraph), you should still aim to make an argument , at least to some degree. Determine the main point that you want to make and think about how you will support that main point. Write a topic sentence. The first sentence of your reflection should be an introduction to what you'll be discussing in your reflection. Some teachers don't allow the use of “I” (first person) in these reflections. Check with your teacher to determine if you can write in first person or not. Follow up with supporting sentences. Expand on your main point by giving specific examples from your news article.Build your paragraph in a logical way. Don't just string together random thoughts about why the news story is important. Wrap up with a concluding sentence. Finish off your reflection with a sentence that summarizes what you've discussed in your reflection. Or, you might make a final key point about the ultimate impact of the news story. Proofread your article. Make sure your reader is going to focus on the content of your paper, rather than superficial elements like spelling and grammar. Correct all spelling and grammatical errors in your paper. If you are handwriting your summary, you may need to write it out again as a clean copy after you've corrected any errors. For this reason, it may be preferable to type out the summary. Some teachers may require a typed paper. Follow guidelines for the assignment. Check your assignment for any requirements about how to format your paper. For example, you may need to use 12-point Times New Roman font with one-inch margins. If you have a grading rubric for the assignment, review this before turning in the assignment. Make sure you have met all the requirements to ensure a good grade. Include a citation for the article. If your assignment requires it, include on your paper where the article came from. For example, you might write an MLA citation for an article like this: Lee, Morgan. “California Regulators Approve Higher Electricity Rates for Most Residents.” The Los Angeles Times. The Los Angeles Times, 3 July 2015. Web. 4 July 2015. Include the article with your summary. If your teacher asks for it, staple or paperclip the original news article to your summary. If you got your article from a news website, print out the entire article. Make sure that all pages are included, since some articles go on to a second page (or longer). 
Lay your panty out on a flat surface. The front side of the panty should be facing up. Lay it out so that one end of the waistband is closest to you. Smooth your hand over the panty to flatten it out. Fold the crotch of the panty up. You want it to be flush with the top of the panty's waistband. Your panty should now be folded in half horizontally. Smooth your hand over the panty once more to ensure the item is as flat as possible before starting the roll up. Roll the fabric horizontally across the panty. Start with whichever side is closest to you and work your way to the other. This will roll the panty into a small, easily storable scroll. This method will also work for thong panties, although the size of the scroll will be much smaller upon completion. Store the panty rolls in a drawer or storage compartment. Place them side by side. Do only one layer of the rolled panties so that you can easily find what you're looking for without messing up your organization. If you're more concerned with compact storage, do multiple layers of panty rolls. Lay your panty out on a flat surface. The front side of the panty should be facing up. Make sure the crotch end of the panty is closest to you. Make sure the panty is as flat as possible by smoothing your hand over the fabric. Fold the crotch up. It should be flush with the top of the panty. Run your hand over the panty once more to flatten it as much as possible before you start folding. Fold each side of the waistband inward. The ends should meet at the center of the panty. Your panty should now be folded into thirds. Flip the panty over. You should now have a neat little square. Use this method to save space. It is the simplest and most compact method. Stack your panties vertically to store them. Place them side by side and vertically inside your dresser or storage compartment. They should look like tiny files in a filing cabinet. You can now choose the pair you want without messing up the rest of them. If you want to organize them further, stack them by order of color. Lay your panty front side up on a flat surface. The waistband side should be closest to you. Run your hand over the panty to ensure it's as flat as possible before beginning the fold. Fold the waistband away from you three times. You will be folding toward the crotch of the panty. Do this using the narrowest possible folds. Flip the panty over. The panty should end up lying flat with the back side up and the crotch closest to you. Fold each side of the waistband in towards the center. The ends of each side of the waistband should end up overlapping each other. Roll the crotch up until it is flush with the top of the bundle. For larger types of panties with more fabric, it is best to fold twice on the way up. Take a moment to observe the current state of things. You should notice a distinct pocket inside the center of the bundle. Flip the bundle inside out three times. This sounds complicated but it becomes a simple flick of the wrist once you get the hang of it. Start by placing your thumbs inside the pocket and bracing against each side of the opening. Use your middle fingers to push the fabric along the back of the pocket up through the front opening while you fold the outside edges back with your thumbs. Keep going until the bundle has been rolled into itself three times. You are essentially reversing the narrow waistband folds you made earlier in the process. Note the pros and cons of this underwear storage method. The main advantage is that your underwear will not come unfolded until you are ready to put them on. The downside is that this method is a little more complex than the other folding techniques without being that much more compact. This makes it ideal for people who tend to be indecisive about choosing underwear and like things to stay neat. 
Understand the reasons for establishing paternity. If a child is born during marriage, the child is presumed to be the child of the husband and wife. However, if the child is born to unmarried parents, then there is no “presumption” of who the father is. Paternity should be established because it will matter in a variety of situations. For example, the paternity of a child must be legally established to gain the following: financial support access to family medical records medical and life insurance coverage, if available social security or veteran's benefits inheritance custody and visitation Sign the birth certificate. Under federal law, all states are required to offer unwed parents an opportunity to establish paternity by voluntarily signing an acknowledgement of paternity, either at the hospital or at a later time. If the baby's father is at the birth, he can sign the birth certificate before leaving the hospital. Don’t sign unless you are sure that you are the father. You will be liable for child support payments until you can prove (usually through a DNA test) that you are not the biological father. It can be very difficult to rescind paternity. If you want to rescind paternity, you will either need to fill out a form or petition the court, depending on your state and the point in time in which you are attempting to rescind paternity. California's form, a Declaration of Paternity Rescission, looks like this. You have 60 days from signing the Declaration of Paternity to file this form. Texas's form, Rescission of Acknowledgement of Paternity, is here. Texas residents must file the form with 60 days after filing an Acknowledgment of Paternity and before a court case about the child is started. Find the form. If the mother and father do not place the father's name on the child's birth certificate, then they should prepare a “paternity statement.” Most states have official forms that can be filled out. To find the form, type “paternity statement” or “paternity acknowledgment” and your state into a web browser. Alternately, you should contact your state's Department of Health to request a form. A typical form is like this one, from Arizona. There may be a time limit for filing a paternity statement. You should do it as soon as possible. Prepare an informal document. If your state does not have a form, then you can prepare in informal document establishing paternity. It should contain the names of the parents, the place and date of birth, as well as the child's name. Sign the document and have it notarized. Only create an informal document if your state does not provide for a formal process. Sign and file the paternity statement. You probably need to sign the form in front of a notary or other witnesses. After signing the form, copies should be made for both mother and father. Check with your state's Department of Health for where to file the form. Notaries may be found at many banks, as well as courthouses. You will need to show identification (such as a valid passport or driver's license) that establishes your identity. In many states, the father's signature acts as a substitute for a court order, officially establishing his paternal relationship with the child. Understand the different types of tests. There are two different kinds of DNA tests: a “buccal swab” and a blood test. Both tests are extremely accurate. With a “buccal swab” test, a cotton swab is rubbed on the inside cheeks of the mouth in order to collect DNA material. With a blood test, blood is drawn from the man and then tested. Buccal swab tests, which are the most common, yield results in 5-10 days. Choose a DNA testing facility. Currently, there is no mandatory federal oversight of DNA testing facilities. You will need to choose a facility based upon its voluntary accreditation as well as its promised service. Find out if the lab is accredited. Instead of relying on the lab's statement that it is accredited, contact the accrediting agencies themselves. For example, go to the American Association of Blood Banks (AABB) [www.aabb.org website] and search for accredited labs. They have a list of accredited blood banks here. The accuracy of DNA tests increase with the number of genetic sites on the DNA tested. Your lab should guarantee that it will continue testing until it either (1) can exclude you as the father or (2) can guarantee with more than 99.99% accuracy that you are the father. Pay for the test. The costs can vary, depending on whether the lab is accredited or not. Quoted prices run from $395 for a standard test to over $500. Some state child welfare agencies make DNA tests available and may even pay for some of the testing fees. You should contact your state welfare agency and ask if this is an option. Find the appropriate court. If the father will not take a DNA test voluntarily, then you can obtain a court order compelling him to take the test. You will have to file a complaint in the appropriate court, which is the court in the county where the child lives. If you have questions about where exactly to file, then contact a family law attorney or the family law facilitator at the courthouse in the county where you reside. In California, you can have your local child support agency initiate a paternity suit. All you need to do is contact your county's agency, which can be found by using this interactive map. Draft a complaint. Many states have pre-printed “fill in the blank” forms for you to fill out. You will need to fill out any form and get a summons from the court clerk. The forms go by different names in different states. Ask the court clerk for the appropriate forms. In California, the forms are called “Petition to Establish Parental Relationship,” Form FL-200 and “Summons,” Form FL-210. In Texas, you will have to fill out a “Petition to Adjudicate Parentage” and a “Motion for Genetic Testing and Notice of Hearing.” You also will need to fill out a “Declaration under the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act,” Form FL-105. Serve notice on the other parent. Once you have completed your forms, you must make copies. Make at least 1 copy for the father and 2 copies for your records. Take the original and copies to the court clerk. File the original with the clerk and have your copies stamped as well. You may also have to send blank forms (such as a Response form) for the father to fill out. Ask the clerk what forms you may have to send. Typically, you can have papers served on the father using the sheriff. The court clerk will schedule, and you will be charged a small fee unless you fill out a fee waiver form. Many states also allow you to use a professional process server who can make personal service on the father. Some states also allow service by mail. Since this is less reliable than personal service, states often discourage it. File your proof of service. Once the sheriff or the process server makes service, he or she will fill out a “Proof of Service” form indicating that service was made. You must then make a copy and file this proof with the court. Attend the hearing. The father will respond and deny parentage, accept parentage, or not respond at all. If he denies parentage, then the court will review the evidence to see if a DNA test is warranted. If the father does not respond, then you can get a default judgment. You will have to fill out certain forms and file them. Ask the court clerk for the appropriate forms. Once you receive a default judgment, the father will have to come into court if he wants to contest parentage. 
Pick out a desirable spot to hang your item. Unlike with other mounting jobs, there's no need to locate a sturdy wall stud in order to use drywall anchors. They're designed to be placed directly into the drywall so that you can hang even heavy items without fear of slippage or damage. Choose a section of wall where your item won't be forced to compete for space with other fixtures and decorations. Not having to hunt for a stud will give you much more freedom over the finished layout of your wall. Mark your intended hanging site with a pencil. Draw a small dot or 'X' at the exact spot where you want to place the anchor. This mark will serve as a visual aid when it's time to start drilling, making it easier to remember the desired placement of mounted items and allowing you to work quickly and efficiently. If you're only installing a single anchor, you can simply eyeball the reference mark based on the desired height and position of the item you'll be hanging. If you're installing multiple anchors, use a level and tape measure or ruler to ensure that adjacent markings are properly spaced and level. Fit an electric drill with an appropriately-sized bit. Always use a drill bit that's as close in diameter to the type of anchor you're installing as possible. If the pilot hole is too large, the anchor will fall out easily. If it's too small, you may not be able to get the anchor in, or the tight confines could cause it to malfunction. Most drywall anchors have the dimensions clearly labeled on the packaging. Simply note the width of the anchor to determine what size drill bit you need. You want your hole to be slightly smaller than the anchor. When you're installing the anchor, you'll need to lightly tap it into place. If you're unable to find the dimensions of the anchors you're using, you may need to perform a size comparison by holding them up side-by-side with several different bits. Drill straight into the drywall at a precise 90-degree angle. Hold the drill bit perpendicularly against the wall and keep a steady hand to ensure that the hole is as straight as possible. Once you have your pilot hole in place, you can use it to install any type of drywall anchor.  If you don't have an electric drill, you can also make a pilot hole using an awl or hammer and nail-set or nail. As another alternative, you can use a Phillips head screwdriver to make your hole. Press the tip of the screwdriver against the wall, then twist it back and forth to create your hole. Not every type of wall anchor requires a pre-drilled pilot hole, but it's a helpful first step and can end up saving you time that you might otherwise spend struggling to get an anchor through stubborn drywall by hand. Repeat the process for each of your intended hanging sites. If you're mounting an item that requires more than one anchor, like a TV, coat rack, or floating shelf, you'll need to open a pilot hole for each anchor. Assuming you marked the site of each individual pilot hole earlier, this should only take a few extra seconds. Take your time drilling to make sure the job gets done right. Your mounted item might not hang correctly if one or more of the holes have been drilled at odd angles. When hanging very heavy items, such as TVs, make sure you screw into at least one wall stud. Use a stud finder to locate the stud. Fit plastic expansion anchors into the pilot hole by hand. After drilling in the desired spot, simply slip the plastic shaft inside the hole and press firmly on it until it's seated. When you insert the included mounting screw, the tip of the anchor will flare out, keeping it from coming out of the drywall. If your expansion anchor starts to turn when you're inserting your screw, you can cut another anchor lengthwise and slide one half of it into the space between the anchor and the side of the hole. As another alternative, you can pull out the anchor and use the next size up. Expansion anchors are the cheapest, most basic type of drywall anchor. They're best used for hanging lightweight items, such as small framed paintings, paper towel racks, and anything under about 10 lbs. It's important to keep in mind that expansion anchors are only as strong as the wall they're installed in. Since drywall is a soft material, there's a greater chance of the anchor coming loose and pulling free over time. Use an electric drill or screwdriver to secure self-drilling anchors. Place the tip of the anchor into the pilot hole, then twist it clockwise to sink it deep into the drywall. As their name suggests, self-drilling anchors can also be screwed in with a handheld screwdriver if you don't happen to have an electric drill handy. Self-drilling anchors offer slightly more support than basic expansion anchors. This makes them ideal for hanging items that weigh 10-25 lbs, like shadow boxes and curtain rods with heavy drapes. Tap and screw hollow wall anchors into place. Pound the anchor into the drywall using a hammer, making sure the head is flush with the wall. Then, insert your screwdriver and tighten the central screw. As you do, the collars on the backside will spread out to clamp the wall tight. Hollow wall anchors (also known as “molly bolts”) come in various lengths. Make sure you know the thickness of your wall so you can purchase a set of anchors in the correct size. When mounting objects that fall in the 25-50 lbs range, like cabinets, floating shelves, and full-length mirrors, hollow wall anchors will usually be your best bet. Screw toggle bolts down tight for a no-slip fit. On the end of the toggle bolt you'll find a nut with spring-loaded collapsible wings attached. Guide the wings through the pilot hole—they'll pop open once they emerge on the other side of the wall. Screw down the adjustable anchor head to brace the drywall from both sides. To ensure that the toggle bolt fits properly, you'll need to drill a pilot hole with the same diameter as the wings when fully collapsed. As you screw in your toggle, listen for its wings to pop open. If you don't hear them open, you may need to push in or turn the toggle to help them open. 
Schedule a time to talk to your boss. It's important to have a one-on-one, in-person conversation with your boss about this issue. Don't just start chatting about the micromanagement in the break room. Make sure you bring it up during time that's dedicated just to this. Be open and honest, but also polite during your meeting. This will encourage your boss to listen to what you have to say without getting angry or defensive. Open the meeting by saying something like: “I've noticed that you use hands-on, involved management with my work. I'd like to make sure that I'm doing everything I can to provide you with the best work possible, and that I'm not taking up too much of your time by requiring you to give me this much oversight.” Make a list of times when micromanagement limited productivity. More than anything else, your boss wants good work to get done quickly. It's likely that your boss' micromanagement has actually slowed down your process. Be prepared to give specific examples of each time your boss' management style led to inefficiency (and lost money for the company). Don't make this list sound like a series of accusations. Instead, use it to demonstrate that you can handle your assignments. You could say something like: “I know that for our most recent project, you logged about 3 hours double-checking my work. Were there consistent problems you found during this check?” Ask your boss how you can improve. If you ask your boss for suggestions, this will feel more like a back-and-forth conversation. This should add a friendly tone to the room. Your boss may also feel more comfortable backing off once they've provided you with really specific details about how they like things done. Try: “I really admire how you've advanced in this company over the past several years. I hope to follow a similar path. Based on my work so far, could you give me some advice on how I might be able to do that?” Tell your boss you’ll give updates in return for independence. Your boss' micromanagement may come from their fear that your screw-up could become something they have to deal with. Help them overcome this worry by agreeing to provide weekly updates on ongoing projects. You'll be trading constant micromanagement for something limited that you can control. These could be emailed updates, conference calls, or even in-person meetings. Schedule one-one-one meetings to check in with one another. In addition to more frequent updates on projects, see if your boss would also be willing to do monthly or bi-monthly check-ins. These could be broader meeting where they have the opportunity to comment on your work. Try not to get frustrated by having to agree to check-in meetings. Look at them as opportunities to learn from someone in a higher position than you (even if you don't like their management style). And remember, limiting micromanagement is better than dealing with it all the time. Create a trial period for your boss to adjust their management style. If your boss is surprised or even resistant during your conversation, ask if they're willing to change things up for a month or two. Suggest providing updates and having meetings while you take the wheel on projects. Maybe no other downtrodden employee has ever been brave enough to bring up this problem. You could be the first! In that case, your manager might simply need a little time to adjust. The trial period is a great way to show your boss how wonderful a micromanagement-free workplace can be. Be sure to be on your game during the trial. Bring up the trial period by saying: “I'd really like to test out a new approach for a few months, if you're on board. I believe it could speed up our process, and I'll ensure that the quality of our work remains high.” Look for other job opportunities if no changes occur. Your boss may be unwilling to budge. If this is the case, the workplace could become damaging to your self-esteem and mental health. Start searching online job boards and websites like LinkedIn to find new career possibilities. Try to give any new job at least a year before moving on. This will look better on your resume, and your boss will be more likely to give you a good reference. Leave work at work to give yourself a break. Don't spend all your time obsessing about problems you're having at work. This could lead to lots of anxiety, lost sleep or appetite, and feelings of sadness or hopelessness. Take your time at home to unwind and be with your family and friends. Set rules for yourself to keep your schedule balanced. It's important that you don't work yourself to death to try to satisfy your micromanager. Stick to your scheduled hours, and make sure you're not skipping breaks or lunches. If you don't have regularly scheduled breaks, add a strategic one to your daily schedule. Take 10 minutes in the afternoon when your energy is really down. Go up and and down the hallway a few times, breathing deeply as you walk. Remind yourself of reasons you enjoy your work. As frustrated as you are, there's a reason you applied for and got this job. Make a list of the reasons why you like the job, putting stars next to things that you find especially rewarding. Keep this list on your desk and glance at it when you're feeling upset. Try to understand your boss’ reasons for micromanagement. It's important to empathize with your boss. They may be micromanaging you or everyone in the office because they're running up against a tough deadline or are feeling pressured by their own boss. Put yourself in their shoes and remember that you're all on the same team. Hang out with your co-workers outside the office. Getting to know your officemates may really help you feel better at work. While you shouldn't gossip about other people at work, take some time to share your mutual frustrations and challenges. You all may be struggling with the same things. Be sure to keep these conversations out of the office. Talking to each other in this way may help you all think about strategies for creating a better workplace environment, such as having group meetings to talk about team success. Do yoga or other exercise routines to relax. Being stressed at work creates a lot of tension and unspent energy in your body. Be sure to release this by doing yoga, going for a 20-minute walk or jog, or taking an exercise class at least a few times per week. See if anyone else is being micromanaged. It's important for you to figure out whether this is general problem, or one that only you're having with your boss. If it's happening to everyone, it's likely your boss' management style. If it's just you, your boss' micromanagement might be happening because they have a problem with your work. Ask yourself if you’ve made mistakes recently. If you've recently screwed up (even if it was a mistake that seemed small to you), your boss could simply be watching to make sure it doesn't happen again. Small and big errors can sometimes cause huge problems for companies. Be patient while you wait to regain your boss' trust with high-quality work. Ensure that you’re giving your job your full attention. Even if you're getting your work done on time, maybe you're not getting to the office right when it opens. If so, your boss could feel like you're distracted or don't care about your job. Refocus your attention on work and see if this shifts your boss' attitude toward you. If you're supposed to work a set number of hours and you're meeting those hours, don't go overboard trying to impress your boss. If they want to pay you overtime, that's one thing. If not, it's time to have that conversation about backing off a bit. Check if you and your manager have different work styles. Observe what you wear to work versus what your boss wears. Check out each of your offices. If one of you is super neat and the other tends to be messy, your boss could be judging your appearance and/or work style. You can either accept this or have a conversation about it. If you're new to this job, you may want to wait a bit while they get used to you. Once they see how brilliant you are, they might back off naturally. Ask for a performance review to pinpoint the problem. Your manager may have specific feedback for you that could explain why they've been observing your work so closely. If you don't ask for that feedback, you may not get it. Performance reviews are often automatically scheduled once or twice per year. Instead of waiting for that meeting, ask for one in the next week or so. Wait a few months if you’re new. If you've just started this job, expect a little extra hand-holding. You may feel like you don't need it, and this time could be frustrating for you. Still, it'll take a while for people to know they can trust you. Be patient. Wait at least three months at a new job before you begin investigating alternate sources of the micromanagement. 
Choose a mold that will hold water easily without spilling. If you have a baking mold made of silicone that is rigid and deep enough that water will stay in as you move it around, it will work just like an ice cube tray. The best molds are ones with solid shapes like squares or circles, but ones with a design on them will also work. Since silicon molds are often used to make shaped cookies and candies, each “cube” will take on the shape of whatever the mold is. Fill the shapes with water. Run your tap over the mold until each shape fills with water. Don't let the water spill into other shapes or sit above the depressions, as this can cause a thin sheet of ice to form on top of the ice “cubes.” Try to hold the mold with your hands on the bottom so that it doesn't sag or begin to leak. You can leave a little air at the top of each depression if you want to avoid the risk of a thin layer altogether. Freeze the molds for at least 4-8 hours. In order to freeze all the way through, the ice cubes need to stay in the freezer for several hours at a minimum. If you want to make sure the cubes won't break or melt as quickly, be sure to freeze them for at least 8 hours. Doing this overnight is a good way to make sure you have solid ice by morning. Pop the ice out by twisting the mold, just like an ice tray. The soft silicone should bend a bit, allowing the ice to break off and be pulled out. You can also try to pat the tray from the underside to release loosened ice cubes. If you are too rough with the mold, it could break or get damaged. Use the flat end of a fork or spoon handle to get between the ice and the mold if you are struggling to break the ice loose. Fill a plastic zipper bag 1/4 full with water. Run your tap into a plastic bag until it looks like it's about a quarter of the way full. You can use any size of bag, with larger bags producing more ice because they can hold more water. No matter the size, the water shouldn't go past the 1/4 mark, and you should never fill the bag to the brim. You can use both freezer bags and thinner sandwich bags to make ice. Zip the bag shut to keep the water inside. Once you've filled the bag up 3/4 of the way, zip the bag at the top by securely pressing the two sides together or by pulling the zipper across to secure the bag. Leaving this open at all will lead to spillage in your freezer, so make sure you close it tightly. Leave some air in the bag so that it's easier to get the ice cubes out after breaking them apart. You only need just enough air that the top of the bag isn't pressed tightly against the water. Lay the bag on its side in the freezer. In order to get a layer of ice that is easy to break apart or crush, you'll need the water to freeze horizontally in the bag. Lay the lay the bag flat on the flattest available surface in the freezer. The flattest surface is probably the freezer's floor, as the grates used to create shelves will let the bag droop and form an uneven block. If you're worried about spillage, you can put the bag on top of a tray, or inside of another bag. Freeze the water in the bag for 4-12 hours, depending on the amount of water. A small bag may freeze in 4 hours, but larger bags could take 8-12 hours to freeze hard enough that you can break the ice up without it melting too quickly. The more water in the bag, the longer it will take to freeze. The longer amount of time is due to the fact that the water has to freeze as a single block, rather than separate, individual pieces. Break up the ice after removing it. You can use your hands to break up the ice into small, thin chunks that resemble cubes, or you can simply take a rolling pin and crush up the ice. If you filled the bag over 1/4 of the way full, you'll almost definitely need to crush up the ice, as there won't be a thin, snappable layer. You should do this while the ice is still in the bag to keep it from spilling out. Choose a styrofoam egg carton for a simple, waterproof ice tray. If your eggs come in a styrofoam carton, you already have a perfect ice tray alternative. The styrofoam will be almost entirely waterproof, and the water will freeze without binding to the styrofoam like it would with a paper carton. Be sure to wash the carton thoroughly beforehand to get rid of any possible food borne illnesses like salmonella. Line a paper carton with foil if you don’t have a styrofoam one. If you get your eggs in the more common paper carton, you can still use it to make ice cubes. Take a sheet of aluminum foil and break off squares to press into the dimples. So long as no holes form as you do this, the foil will create a waterproof barrier between the water and the paper. Make sure there aren't any gaps by using a square piece and pressing it down into the middle of the dimple to create a seamless lining. It's a good idea to let the foil stick up a bit above the carton so it's easier to pull the ice out. Fill the dimples with water. Whether you are using a lined paper carton or a styrofoam one, you can fill the dimples up with tap water to a point just below the top of the dimple. If you fill the dimples too far, they might spillover into one another. Your ice will form little dome shapes in the carton. Do this especially carefully if you are using a paper carton, as spray from the water could dissolve the paper. Freeze the carton for at least 4-8 hours with the lid off. As you put the carton in the freezer, make sure the lid doesn't cover the dimples, as this could keep the water from freezing as quickly. The ice will need at least 4 hours to become solid and at least 8 hours, or an overnight freeze, to minimize melting and breaking. You can also remove the lid entirely before filling the carton up. Remove the ice from the carton by pressing up on the bottom. A push on the underside of each dimple will apply pressure to the ice and help you get it out of the carton. If you used a paper carton, you might be able to simply pull up on the foil, depending on how much condensation formed between the paper and the foil. 
Place your shoes at the bottom of your suitcase. If you are using a roller suitcase, place the soles of your heaviest shoes flat against the walls of the suitcase near the wheels. Line the walls of your roller suitcase with any additional shoes. Make sure to place the soles of the shoes flat against the walls of the suitcase as well. Pack bulky shoes separately. Instead of placing bulky shoes next to each other, pack them separately to utilize the space in your suitcase. If you have to place them side by side, then arrange them heel to toe. For example, place boots and wedges heel to toe if you cannot pack them separately. Pack flats and flip-flops last. Tuck flats and flip flops inside pockets or extra space when you are finished packing. You could also place them on top of your clothes once you are finished packing. Cover your shoes to protect your clothes. You can use a plastic grocery bag, a resealable gallon bag, or a shower cap to cover your shoes. Or, place your shoes inside the drawstring dust bag that they came in when you bought them. This way, you can protect your clothes from dirt and smells. If you do not have a bag, use tissue paper or saran wrap instead. Place bulky shoes, like sneakers and boots, in different bags, so you can pack them separately in your suitcase. Place socks in your shoes to help them keep their form. Shoes can become squished into overly stuffed suitcases, warping their shape. Place rolled socks in your shoes, platforms, and stilettos. If your shoes get squished, the socks will help them retain their shape. Wrap delicate shoes in a scarf or a t-shirt. Keep your formal shoes clean and safe from damage and dirt by wrapping them in something soft. Place your shoes inside a bag. Then wrap pajamas, a sweatshirt, or a scarf around your shoes to protect them. Pack versatile shoes. Pack shoes that can double as formal and informal shoes, like ballet flats or dress sneakers. Additionally, pack solid-colored shoes, like black, brown, or white shoes, since they can be paired with a variety of outfits. Pack a maximum of 3 pairs of shoes if you are traveling for a week. Pack a pair of casual, formal, and athletic shoes. If you are taking a weekend trip, just pack the necessary shoes. For example, don't pack formal shoes for a weekend camping trip. Wear the bulkiest shoes when traveling. Wear your sneakers or boots on the plane or in the car. This way, you can save space in your suitcase for other items. Fit small items inside of your shoes. To save space, place your socks and underwear inside of your shoes. You can also place fragile items like jewelry, watches, and sunglasses in your shoes to protect them. You can also place some of your toiletries inside of your shoes. Just make sure to place your toiletries in a plastic bag to protect your shoes from leaks and spills. 
Talk to your medical professional. Having a safe pregnancy is important to a healthy birth and baby. Making sure you're getting proper obstetrical care from a doctor, nurse practitioner or midwife can help ensure not only that your pregnancy is progressing normally but also that it's safe for you to check your cervix for dilation. Be aware that beginning in your ninth month of pregnancy, your doctor will begin looking for signs that your labor is getting closer. This includes palpitating your abdomen and performing an internal exam to check your cervix. He or she will see if the baby has “dropped,” which means that the cervix has begun to dilate and get softer. Ask your doctor any questions you may have, including if the baby has dropped. You should also ask if it is safe to check dilation on your own. If your pregnancy is safe, then you can proceed. Wash your hands. Having dirty hands can spread bacteria and germs that cause infection. Checking your cervix requires inserting a hand or fingers into your vagina. It's imperative to your health and that of your unborn baby to wash your hands before you check your cervix for dilation. Use any soap and some warm water to clean your hands. Wet your hands with running water and apply your soap, lathering well. Rub your hands vigorously for at least 20 seconds, making sure to scrub each surface of your hands. Rinse off the soap and then dry your hands thoroughly. Use a hand sanitizer of at least 60% alcohol if you don't have soap. Apply enough of the sanitizer for both hands to the palm of one hand. Just as with soap, rub your hands together and make sure you cover every surface including nails. Keep rubbing until your hands are dry. Reach out for help. If you're a bit worried or scared about doing the exam on your own, ask your partner or another loved one for help. Allow the person to help as much as you are comfortable with and like. Support can come in the form of holding a mirror or your hand or even offering calming words. Get into a comfortable position. Before you can effectively check your cervix for dilation, you need to be in a comfortable position. You might want to sit on your toilet or lie on your bed with your legs spread, just do what is most comfortable for you. Take off your clothes on your lower half before you start. This way, you don't have to awkwardly remove them when you're comfy. Sit or squat on the toilet with one foot on the floor and the other on the toilet seat. You can also squat on the floor or lie on your bed if these are more comfortable Remember that you have nothing about which to be ashamed. You're doing something completely normal and natural. Insert two fingers into your vagina. You'll need to start your exam by getting an initial sense of how far you may be dilated. Instead of putting your entire hand into your vagina, which may cause discomfort, use your pointer and middle fingers to start checking your cervix. Remember to wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before inserting your fingers into your vagina. Locate the entrance of your vagina with the tips of your fingers. The back of your hand should be facing your spine, and your palm should face upwards. Angle your fingers back towards your anus to most effectively feel your cervix. If you feel any pain or extreme discomfort, remove your fingers. Push your fingers to your cervix. A woman's cervix feels like a pair of puckered lips when pregnant. After you've inserted your fingers into and up your vaginal canal, keep pushing them until you reach what feels like the puckered lips. Be aware that some women have a high cervix and others have a low cervix. You may need to insert your fingers further up your vaginal canal or may reach it relatively quickly. The cervix is basically the “end” of your vaginal canal no matter its position in your body. Use a gentle touch to feel for your cervix. Pressing or poking it with your fingers can lead to bleeding. Recognize that one finger may easily slip into the middle of your cervix if it is dilating. What you may feel at the center of the opening is your bag of waters that covers the baby's head. You may find this has the sensation of a latex balloon filled with water. Continue using your fingers to feel how far you’re dilated. Once a woman is dilated 10 centimeters, she'll generally ready to deliver her baby. If one of your fingers entered the middle of the cervix easily, you can use additional fingers to figure out how far along your dilation is. Keep in mind the following: if you can slip one finger into the middle of your cervix, you're about one centimeter dilated. Likewise, if you can insert five finger widths into your cervix, you're about 5 centimeters dilated. As your labor progresses, your cervix will go from feeling tight to like an elastic band. At 5 centimeters, it may feel like and have the thickness of a rubbery circle jar ring used in canning. Continue to insert fingers gently into your vagina until you're using your entire hand or it causes discomfort. Remove your hand to see how many finger widths you used. This can give you a general idea of how far your cervix is dilated. Go to your delivery center. If you're cervix is dilated more than 3 centimeters, it generally means you are in the active phase of labor. You should go to the delivery center you've chosen or prepare your home if you're having a home birth. Be aware that your contractions can also help indicate that you should go to the delivery center. They will be more regular and stronger. They should be about five minutes apart and last for 45-60 seconds. Listen for the sounds of dilation. There are many indicators of dilation that don't require inserting your fingers into your vagina. This can be especially helpful if you are in a lot of pain or discomfort. Most women will make some type of sound when they're in labor. Listening to what types of sounds you're making can cue you into how much you're cervix has dilated. The following sounds can accompany the various stages of labor and cervical dilation: At 0-4 centimeters dilated, you may not be making much noise and can talk through a contraction with little effort. At 4-5 centimeters, it may be difficult to nearly impossible to talk. Your noises may still be quiet. Between 5-7 centimeters, you may make louder and staccato noises. It should be nearly or completely impossible to talk through contractions. Between 7–10 centimeters (2.8–3.9 in), you may be making very loud noises and shouldn't be able to talk through a contraction. If you're a silent laborer, you can also check your dilation. Tell someone to ask you a question at the start of a contraction. The less you are able to say a sentence, the farther along your dilation is. Pay attention to your emotions. Childbirth is an inherently emotional experience for the woman in labor. Watching what emotions you're experiencing can cue you into how far your cervix is dilated. You may have the following emotions during labor: Happiness and laughter between 1-4 centimeters Smiley and laughing at little things between contractions between 4-6 centimeters Irritation at jokes and small talk around 7 centimeters until birth. Smell for dilation. Many people will notice certain scents when a woman gets to between 6 and 8 centimeters dilated. The smell of labor is deep, heavy, and dusky—not musky. If you notice a distinct change to these scents in the smell of the room in which you're laboring, your cervix may be between 6 and 8 centimeters dilated. Look for blood and mucus. Some women may see a stringy mucus discharge at 39 weeks that is tinged pink or brown with blood. This bloody show may continue through the early stages of labor. At 6-8 centimeters dilated, however, a lot of blood and mucus may be present. Looking for these substances can indicate that you're somewhere between 6-8 centimeters dilated. Examine the purple line. The purple line is located in your natal cleft, or what some people call the butt crack. This line can be a measure of how far you're dilated, with it reaching the top of your cleft at full dilation. You may need someone to help you examine your purple line. Recognize that in the early stages of labor that the purple line will be closer to the anus. As your labor progresses, it will creep up between your buttocks. At full dilation, the purple line will extend to the top of your natal cleft. Scan how your body feels. Many women experience physical signs of dilation that are visible without a vaginal examination. In general, many will feel like they have the flu as they get close to 10cm and/ or the pushing phase. Scanning your body for these signs and symptoms can help you figure out how much your cervix has dilated. In most, cases, a combination of these signs can indicate how you're your cervix is dilated. Feeling like you have to vomit, having a flushed face and feeling warm to the touch can mean you're about 5 centimeters dilated. You may also tremble uncontrollably. Vomiting alone may be the result of emotions, hormones, or fatigue. Seeing if your face is flushed with no other signs can be a good indicator that you're 6-7 centimeters dilated. Be aware that trembling uncontrollably without any other signs can indicate fatigue or fever. See if you're curling your toes or standing on your toes, which is a sign you're between 6 and 8 centimeters dilated. Check your buttocks and upper thighs for goosebumps, which is a good sign that you're at 9-10 centimeters. Recognize that having involuntary bowel movements is also a sign of full dilation. You may also see or feel the head at your perineum. Feel for pressure in your back. As your baby descends into the birth canal, you will feel pressure at different points along your back. The more you dilate, the farther down your back the pressure will be lower. It will generally move from the rim of your pelvis down to your tailbone. 
Plan your visit ahead of time. While your friend might usually love a spur of the moment visit, recovering from surgery is a different matter entirely. Not only do hospitals often have specific visiting hours, your friend might need to prepare physically and emotionally for visitors. Know the hospitals visiting hours and policies. Depending on where in the hospital your friend is staying, there is different protocol for visitation. If your friend is still in the recovery room, for example, only one visitor at a time is permitted, with the nurse's permission and supervision, and there are stricter rules for personal hygiene. Call the hospital ahead of time to ask about visiting hours and any restrictions. Try to reach a family member or spouse to see when would be a good time to visit. This way, you'll have a better idea of how your friend is feeling, what tests have been run, and whether they're up for visitors. Once you know, plan your visit accordingly. Call or text once more before heading out to make sure your presence is still welcome. Plan to stay about 20 or 30 minutes, but use your judgment. If your friend seems tired or disengaged, you should slip out sooner. If they seem happy to see you, and are excited to talk to you, then feel free to stay longer. Know post-surgery etiquette and hygiene. A lot of things can be bothersome to patients just out of surgery, so make sure you do not do anything to cause your friend discomfort during your visit. Do not wear perfume, aftershave or strong smelling lotions as people are often sensitive to smells when they're sick or recovering from surgery. In addition, many healthcare facilities are now fragrance-free. When you enter and leave a friend's room, wash your hands with soap, water, alcohol rubs, or hand sanitizer. Check with the nurses' station before entering the room, as you could be required to use a gown, gloves and/or a mask. People are more susceptible to germs after an operation. If you have any type of illness, such as a a cold or flu, ask the hospital staff beforehand if it's safe for you to visit your friend, as it usually isn't. If you are a smoker, only smoke in designated areas and do not get cigarette fumes anywhere near your friend. Due to the risk of bacteria and germs spreading, you could be banned from the hospital if you bring a non service dog into the hospital. Do not swear as this is usually against hospital rules and can get you thrown out and/or banned if caught. Avoid the patient's bed, as this can spread germs. Do not sit or put your feet on the bed. Do not touch the patient's wounds or any medical equipment they are attached to. Do not use the patient's toilet or bathroom, this can also spread germs and bacteria, and nurses may also report you and have you removed from the hospital. Do not share any property, such as toiletries or tissues, with a patient. Bring a gift. People love to receive gifts, especially if they're not feeling well. It's not about the money spent, but just knowing that a person cares. Consider bringing a small gift to your friend for them to enjoy post-surgery. Many people think to bring flowers, but flowers are not ideal for a hospital stay. They take up a great deal of room, and shelf-space in a hospital room is limited. They also decay quickly, and are hard to transport home. Boredom is a huge issue with hospital patients, so consider an interactive gift. Try novels, magazines, crossword puzzle, sudoku books, or a journal. If your friend has some kind of electronic media, like an iPad or tablet, try iTunes or Amazon gift certificates, so they can select and purchase entertaining media for themselves. If food is allowed, bring the patient their favorite snack, as hospital food can get tiresome. However, keep in mind that even if you mean well, they might not want to eat, as surgery and medications can affect their appetite. Many patients are placed on special diets following surgery, and some patients may not be allowed to eat until normal bowel function returns, such as after a bowel resection surgery. Make the hospital feel like home. A hospital can be a drab, impersonal space. If your friend is there for a prolonged recovery period, try to make their hospital room feel less alien by creating a homey environment for your friend. Decorate the room. Hospital rooms are beige or white and this can grow depressing with time. Bring cheerful posters, a small decorative hanging, or colorful blankets and throw pillows. Just check with hospital staff first to make sure you're not violating any hospital policies. Bring them something familiar. During a traumatic event like a surgery, familiarity can be a comfort. Make a small scrapbook of friends, family members, beloved pets, and other loved ones. Borrow your friend's iPod and create custom playlist of their favorite feel better songs or burn them a mix CD. Buy DVD's of their favorite movies and TV shows, as many hospital rooms have a television set patients can use. Act natural when visiting. Your friend is probably eager to get back to a sense of normal, so share news of mutual friends and discuss what's been happening in the news or on TV. Let your friend feel like they're part of the world even if they are stuck in a hospital room. Organize group visits. If possible, and after you make sure your friend is up to it, get a group of friends together to visit your friend. Group visits can feel like a more natural hang out session than one-on-one communication, as people often congregate in groups. Your friend will also be happy to see how many people care and have taken the time to visit. Check hospital policy to make sure there isn't a cap on the number of people permitted in a room at a time. Plan for the future. Making some future plans and promises can give your friend something to look forward to after their hospital stay, and reassurance their needs won't be forgotten once they're released. Set a date to go see a movie, go out to dinner, get coffee, go shopping, etc., sometime after they will be released from the hospital. Your friend will appreciate having something small to look forward to after their stay is over. Offer any assistance in the transition back home, such as driving your friend back from the hospital and running errands for them during recovery. Help out with food. Food is one of the biggest issues post-surgery as we all need to eat, and oftentimes cooking and even shopping are difficult in the wake of an operation. Be prepared to help your friend with meals during their recovery. Offer to get groceries. If you're able to go grocery shopping for your friend, do so. Check in with them if you're planning a shopping trip for yourself and see if there's anything they need. Bring over dishes. If your friend is uncomfortable with someone else doing their shopping, cook for them. Great options for meals are dishes that are re-heatable and keep for long periods. Aim for casseroles, soups, lasagnas, and salads. Be aware of any diet restrictions your friend might have. Oftentimes, certain foods are forbidden after an operation. Ask your friend about any kinds of food the doctor has advised against before preparing them a dish. Also, if your friend had any diet restrictions before the surgery - such as being gluten-free or a vegetarian - make sure you are aware of this. Offer your help with chores. Don't tell them to call you if they need anything. They will probably not want to bother you. Offer specific help, like, "I have some free time this afternoon, do you need help with anything?" Household chores are a burden after surgery and your friend will really appreciate a helping hand. Do laundry, dishes, dusting, and any other cleaning. Your friend is probably laid up, so don't let them fall behind. If you have an extra hour, donate it to your friend in need. If they have pets, help with that. Clean the cat's litter box, walk the dog, make sure the animals have food or water. All of this will be appreciated. If needed, provide free childcare. Whether your friend is a single parent or has a spouse who's busy with work, chances are they will need help with the kids after surgery. Free childcare is much appreciated. Provide entertainment. While cooking and cleaning are tangible means to help a friend in need, sometimes recovery gets boring and all a person wants is good conversation and a little entertainment. Spend a weekend night with your friend and keep them engaged in conversation and activity. Share what's going on in your life, but keep it positive and upbeat. There's no need to mention that you were just laid off or had a big fight with your spouse. You're there to be a source of positive energy. Watch a movie or television show your friend likes. Ask them beforehand if there's anything in particular they've been itching to watch, and pick up a DVD on the way over or rent from an online outlet. Board games and cards are a great way to break the monotony. If you can get a group of people together, stop by your friends house for a round of poker or a game of Clue. While alcohol is great for many social situations, it's unlikely your friend can drink with their post-surgery medication. Be polite. Do not engage in social drinking when your friend cannot. Offer to go to any follow-up exams with your friend. After a surgery, there will be a number of doctor's appointments in the following weeks. Such appointments can be stressful, and having a support system is a wonderful asset for someone recovering from surgery. Let your friend know you can drive them to the doctor's office. Oftentimes, medication interferes with the ability to drive and public transportation can be a hassle following surgery. Offering a mode of transportation is invaluable. Entertain your friend in the waiting room. Bring playing cards, books of crossword puzzles, magazines, and books or just make casual, funny conversation while waiting for the doctor. Plan something fun after the visit, even something as simple as stopping for milkshakes or having lunch. Something to look forward to can make trips to the doctor more bearable. Consider how close you are to this friend. The level of emotional intimacy makes a huge difference when it comes to what you should and should not say to someone after surgery. If you're close, it's easier to ask questions without hesitation and be more open expressing how you feel. If it's a more formal friendship, or just a new one, be natural and warm but do not let the seriousness of a surgery push you to say something that might make you both uncomfortable. Stick to small talk, like "How are you feeling?" and "Do you need any help with anything today?" Allow your friend to feel what they are feeling. There's a good chance your friend is not feeling their best in the wake of an operation. Oftentimes, we feel people need a pep talk or positive reassurance. While this is well-intentioned, it can be frustrating to a friend who simply wants to express their thoughts. Let your friend talk, and accept their feelings with patience and empathy. Avoid phrases like "I understand" or "I know how you feel." It's hard to truly understand a situation you are only experiencing secondhand. Instead, say something like "I can understand how you would feel that way. Tell me more." Do not say things like "You shouldn't feel that way" or "Cheer up." Such phrases come off as judgmental if someone is feeling discouraged. Instead, say, "I'm sorry you feel that way, can you tell me why?" and other words that let your friend know you're listening. Try active listening. Active listening is when you make a conscious effort to hear what another person is saying and to understand the message being sent. If you're helping a friend after surgery, they are the priority and you need to make this clear. Your friend might need to vent, so try to be a patient and active listener post-surgery. Pay attention. Give your friend your full attention by looking at them directly, putting aside distracting thoughts, engaging with their body language, and avoiding being distracted by the environment. Show that you're listening. Nod occasionally, smile and use other facial expressions, make sure your posture is open and inviting, and encourage the speaker to continue with verbal comments like "yes" and "I see." Provide feedback. Your role is to understand what is being said, so you may need to reflect on what your friend's expressing and ask questions to fully understand. Try things like, "So, what you're saying is..." and "What I'm hearing is..." Ask questions for clarification, like "What do you mean when you say..." and "Is this what you mean?" Defer judgment. Do not interrupt your friend. Wait until he or she is done talking before asking questions, and do not be argumentative or question their responses. Respond appropriately. Be candid, open, and honest about your responses and assert your opinions respectfully, without dismissing your friends concerns or issues. Ask the right questions. While your friend might be interested in hearing about you and your life, only talk about yourself when prompted. Talking to a friend post-surgery is about them and how they are feeling, so make sure you know what questions are appropriate to ask. Do not ask about their health or test results unless they bring it up. Oftentimes, people recovering from surgery grow tired of medical talk and might not want to go into specifics about their doctor visits. Do ask how they're feeling. A more vague question is appropriate. This gives your friend control. He or she now has the option to open up about their medical issues or to keep things light. Ask them if they need anything. People are often wary to ask favors, so make sure to offer as your friend might need assistance with day-to-day chores. Ask them about family members and other loved ones. Show your friend you care by showing genuine investment in the things and people they care about. Understand the nature of surgery anxiety. The key to being a supportive, loving friend is empathy. Seeking to understand any fears associated with surgery can help you empathize and be a more effective listener. Control, or rather loss of control, is one of the biggest fears when it comes to surgery and its aftermath. People fear handing their well-being over to someone else, and the loss of control over one's body and movements that comes in the wake of surgery is frustrating. Understand your friend is feeling a lack of control, and remind them this is a normal feeling. What's at stake when it comes to surgery is a better life. People undergo surgeries to treat prolonged illnesses or injuries, and if improvement is gradual or if the recovery period is prolonged disappointment can set in fast. Remember this when dealing with your friend, and remind them progress takes time. Going to hospitals and undergoing anesthesia bring up fear of our own mortality. This is perhaps the biggest fear associated with surgery, so be aware your friend might want to discuss dark subjects when you visit them. Be emotionally prepared for this. Know how to cope with surgery and hospital anxiety. Most people, even the calmest among us, experience some kind of fear and anxiety when in a hospital setting. Know ways to cope with this anxiety that you can share with your friend. Self-trust is important. Anxiety is rooted in mistrust. Most often this mistrust is projected onto others, but is often a reflection of mistrust for oneself. Remind your friend to trust their body and trust that they are capable of doing whatever is required for recovery. Taking action can help curb anxiety. Tell your friend to engage in activities that help with anxiety while promoting good physical well-being as well. Eat right, exercise, meditate, spend time outside, spend time with friends and family, engage in hobbies, etc. Planning is also key to staying calm. If your friend is healing, tell them to focus their energy on healing and not anxiety. Help them make a post-surgery plan to get through the days they'll be laid up. Make lists of all the materials needed - such as groceries, reading materials, and toiletries. Is there any work your friend could catch up on that they're able to do after surgery?If so, help them figure out what it is and make a plan to do it. 
Talk to your doctor to decide which combination of chemo drugs you need. Depending on your age, overall health, and the type and stage of your lymphoma, your doctor can tell you which chemo drugs are best for your treatment. Get chemotherapy intravenously for widespread, treatable lymphoma. Intravenous chemotherapy drugs are injected directly into your bloodstream. You may have several weeks of treatment, followed by several weeks to allow your body to rest. If you have severe side effects from the chemotherapy, you might be admitted to the hospital for a few days. Take chemotherapy tablets if you can’t handle IV chemo. Chemotherapy drugs administered through tablets tend to be less intense than intravenous drugs. Your doctor might prescribe this type of treatment if your body can't handle the injection of chemo drugs, or if your lymphoma is at a low stage (stage 1 or 2). How and when you take them will depend on a lot of factors, so make sure you follow your doctor's instructions exactly.  If your lymphoma is incurable, your doctor may prescribe chemo tablets to help treat your symptoms and make you more comfortable. Undergo external beam radiation for lymphoma in 1 part of your body. If your lymphoma is only in 1 part of your body, your doctor might suggest external beam radiation. A machine directs radiation through the skin to the affected lymph nodes. Use radioimmunotherapy to target aggressive cancer cells. Radioimmunotherapy combines external beam radiation with drugs that contain radioactive material. The drugs target the cancer cells, and their radioactive nature allows the external beam radiation to target cancerous cells more precisely (rather than lots of tissue around the tumors). It's often used to shrink tumors near other organs. How and when exactly you need to take your immunotherapy drugs will depend on the exact nature of your cancer and overall health. Your doctor will tell you when you should take your drugs, the exact dosage, and when to have your radiation. Undergo total body irradiation if you’re undergoing a transplant. If your lymphoma has progressed or spread significantly, your doctor might recommend you have a stem cell or bone marrow transplant. To prepare for this, your doctor might suggest you undergo full body irradiation to kill as many cancerous cells as possible. Undergo preparatory chemo and radiation. Before you undergo a stem cell or bone marrow transplant, your doctor may recommend that you go through chemo, radiation, or both. Intense doses of chemotherapy and radiation will kill the cancerous cells, making it less likely they'll multiply later. If your doctor recommends intense chemotherapy, they may prefer you to have it on an inpatient basis, or in a specialized cancer center where you'll have more support. The side effects of intense chemotherapy might be more than you can treat on your own at home. If your doctor recommends you only undergo radiation before the transplant, they may recommend full-body irradiation. Instead of targeted irradiation, you would be placed under a machine like an MRI machine, and your entire body would be radiated. Undergo an autologous transplant if your cells are healthy enough. If the lymphoma has not yet spread to your blood or bone marrow cells, your doctor may be able to remove some of your healthy cells, then re-inject you with them after your chemo or radiation. Your doctor will need to perform blood and bone marrow tests to see if you qualify for this type of transplant. Use a donor’s cells if your own aren’t healthy enough. If the lymphoma has already spread, you can't be re-injected with your own cells. Instead, you can undergo an allogeneic transplant, which uses the cells of a donor instead of your own. You'll still need to undergo chemo or radiation first. Talk to your doctor. If you have Hodgkin's Lymphoma, steroids taken with your chemotherapy might help treat it. Your doctor will be able to tell you, depending on previous treatments, your overall health, and the current stage of your cancer, whether it's a good option for treatment. Get the steroids intravenously at the same time as chemotherapy. If your doctor decides steroids are a productive addition to your treatment plan, they might prescribe them for you intravenously. In that case, they would be administered to you at the same time as your outpatient chemotherapy. Take steroid pills for lower doses. Depending on the dosage you need, your doctor might prescribe steroids in pill form instead. Follow your doctor's instructions for taking them exactly – to work with the chemotherapy you'll need to take them at specific times. 
Try the fifteen minute rule for small-scale storage and serving. Store red wine at room temperature, then place in the fridge 15 minutes before serving. White wine, which is generally served a bit cooler, can be stored in the fridge, then removed 15 minutes before serving and placed at room temperature. This method isn't perfect, but will achieve temperatures that most wine drinkers will enjoy. Chill wine in the refrigerator for 40–150 minutes, for better results. If you have extra time, you can chill wine to a more desirable temperature. From room temperature, full-bodied red wines require about 40 minutes of chilling in the refrigerator. Light-bodied white wines will need a full 2½ hours to reach serving temperature. Chill wine in the freezer for rapid results. From room temperature, white wines will need about 15 minutes of chilling, or 20 if they are light-bodied with low alcohol content. Medium-bodied reds will be ready after 10 minutes, and full-bodied reds can take as little as 5. Set an alarm if you are likely to forget about the wine, as it could freeze if left in too long. The ice bucket method described below is even faster. Use a thermometer for precise control by grape variety and vintage. If you want to maximize your control over the wine's temperature, use an infrared thermometer or contact thermometer from a kitchen supply store. Wine aficionados determine the optimal temperature to serve wine at based on its body, or the feel and apparent alcohol level in the mouth: Light-bodied white wines should be chilled to around 45 degrees Fahrenheit (7 degrees Celsius). This includes Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling, and all sparkling wines. Medium- to full-bodied white wines, such as Chardonnay and Sauternes, should be chilled to between 50 and 55 degrees Fahrenheit (10 to 13 degrees Celsius). Light-bodied red wines like Pinot Noir and Merlot should be chilled down to between 55 and 60 degrees Fahrenheit (13 to 15 degrees Celsius). Full-bodied red wines like Cabernet Sauvignon, Zinfandel, and Shiraz should be served at about 60 degrees Fahrenheit (15 degrees Celsius). Use this method for last minute chilling. This method can cool a red wine to serving temperature in two minutes, and even a light-bodied, low-alcohol white wine can be properly chilled in five to ten minutes. Add ice to a bucket or large bowl. If you are using a wine bucket, fill it about ⅔ full of ice. For a larger bucket, fill it to approximately ⅔ the height of the wine bottle. Pour water to the top of the ice level. Pour the coldest water you have access to into the bucket, until it is level with the ice. Mix in a handful of salt. Salt lowers the freezing temperature of water, allowing the ice to cool the water a lower temperature than it would normally be able to. This in turn chills the wine bottle more quickly. Smaller grains of salt tend to be more effective. Rock salt will work, but may have a less noticeable effect. Submerge the bottle. Lower the wine bottle upright into the water. This should cause the ice water to rise above the shoulder of the wine bottle. Rotate the bottle. Spin the neck of the bottle with your hands while waiting for the wine to chill. The movement will cause the wine inside to move around in the bottle, so more of the warm wine comes into contact with the chilled bottle, speeding up the process slightly. Dry before serving. Remove the bottle when it reaches your preferred temperature, or after approximately 2 minutes for red and 7 minutes for white wine. Remove the bottle and dry it with a cloth or paper towel. Serve immediately. Store horizontally, in a cool, dark place. Always keep your wines in an area under 70ºF (21ºC) and away from direct sunlight. Store horizontally on a wine rack to keep the cork moist. Find alternatives to a wine cellar. If you plan to age wines or store expensive wines, but don't have a wine cellar, use a basement or closet. The temperature should be close to 55ºF (13ºC), and the area should be quite humid. If this environment is not available in your home, move on to the options below. Dig an underground storage space. You can build your own cheap "cellar" by excavating a pit in a shaded area of your backyard. Place the wine bottles inside a wooden box, insulate the box on all sides with aluminum foil, and lower it into the pit. Cover the pit with plywood or any sturdy cover. Including a thermometer is recommended, since soil temperatures and climate can vary greatly, but as long as the temperature stays stable at a temperature between roughly 45–60ºF (7–16ºC), it can be used to store wine at larger quantities and lower expense than a refrigeration system. Purchase a wine refrigerator. These are sometimes called electric wine cellars, and are the most expensive option for storing your wine, after hiring someone to dig a full-scale cellar! You may prefer to spend the extra money on pre-aged wines instead, but the wine fridge could be a good option if you have a few dozen bottles, or if you want to taste how different bottles of the same vintage age over time. Most wine refrigerators have warmer temperatures than regular refrigerators and keep humidity out better. Full-featured models allow different temperature zones for different types of wine. 
Be aware of your risk. Iron and vitamin deficiency anemia are two of the most common forms of anemia and are caused by either a shortage of iron or Vitamin B12 and folate in your body. Almost any person can get iron or vitamin deficiency anemia, so being aware of your risk can help you prevent it. The following conditions may cause a shortage of iron, vitamin B12, or folate and lead to anemia: Vegans who don't take supplements (iron, folate, and B12 supplements) or people with a poor diet Excessive blood loss from heavy menstrual bleeding, surgery, or other trauma A gastric ulcer Cancer, especially intestinal cancer Polyps or other diseases, such as or Crohn's or celiac disease, of the digestive tract Prolonged use of aspirins or NSAIDS Pregnancy Insufficient iron, vitamin B12, or folate consumption in your diet Identify the symptoms of anemia. The signs of anemia don't show up immediately, or they may be mild. Be aware of these symptoms: Fatigue Weakness Dizziness Headache Numbness or coldness in your hands and feet Low body temperature Pale skin Rapid or irregular heartbeat Shortness of breath Chest pain Irritability Treat underlying conditions. In some cases, you may have a medical condition that requires more than eating well and increasing nutrients. If you have an underlying condition that predisposes you to anemia, get treatment instead of trying to prevent anemia on your own. See your doctor to discuss treatment options, including nutritional therapy. Ingest iron supplements. To ensure that you're getting sufficient iron, consider taking over the counter iron supplements. You can take this as a single supplement or part of a multivitamin, which may lessen your risk for developing anemia. You need anywhere from 8-18 mg of iron per day to keep your iron at normal levels. Consider taking slightly more if you are anemic or concerned about developing it. Women require more (up to 15-18 mg), because of menstruation. Pregnant women need at least 27 mg and lactating women 9-10 mg. You can get iron supplements at most pharmacies and health food stores. Eat a diet rich in iron. Make sure that you get enough iron through nutritious, whole foods. Eating iron-rich foods can help prevent anemia. Meats and shellfish are an excellent source of iron. Red meats, such as lean beef or beef liver and shellfish, such as clams, oysters and shrimp are excellent choices. Beans and legumes, such as lentils and green peas are high in iron. Leafy greens, such as spinach, kale, and collard greens contain high amounts of iron. Consider eating iron-fortified cereals for breakfast or a snack as a way to get more iron in your diet. All of the iron-rich animal products also contain Vitamin B12, which can also help prevent anemia. Increase your Vitamin C and folate intake. The presence of vitamin C and folate can help the body absorb iron more efficiently. Incorporating more foods containing Vitamin C and folate or taking a supplement for these nutrients can help minimize your risk for anemia. Foods such as peppers, kale, broccoli, citrus fruits, strawberries, pineapple, and spinach contain Vitamin C. You can get folate through many of the same foods including citrus fruits and dark, leafy greens. You can consume additional folate through bananas, fortified breads and cereals, and legumes. Consider taking Vitamin C and folate supplements or a multivitamin to help you get enough of these nutrients. Getting them through whole foods is preferable, but in some cases this is not possible. Consume foods containing vitamin B12. Consume whole foods that contain Vitamin B12, which is found naturally in animal and soy products. Making sure you get enough Vitamin B12 may not only help you prevent anemia, but can also help your body absorb iron more efficiently. Consider incorporating some or all of the following foods into your diet: Fish: try salmon, trout, and tuna Shellfish: try clams and oysters Eggs Dairy products: try cheese and yogurt Fortified cereals Soy products: try soy milk, edamame, and tofu Take B12 and folate supplements. If you're having trouble getting enough B12 or folate through food, consider taking pill supplements or getting a shot from the doctor. This may help you get plenty of Vitamin B12 and prevent you from developing anemia. It's very difficult to get enough B12 through supplements alone, so supplements should ideally be taken in conjunction with a diet high in vitamin B12. You need.4 mcg to 2.8 mcg of B12 per day, depending on your age and if you are pregnant or nursing. You can get B12 supplements at most pharmacies and health food stores. Folate, which is a B vitamin, is often combined with B12 in the same supplement. You can also find stand-alone folate or take it as part of a multivitamin. Adults generally need 400 mcg. Pregnant women and lactating women will need more. The dose varies with younger ages. Get a B12 prescription. Your doctor can supplement Vitamin B12 with a gel or injection. You will need a prescription for both, so make an appointment with your doctor to discuss your options. This is a good option if you are struggling to get B12 through food or over the counter supplements or you have a severe vitamin B12 deficiency. Cook using iron pots and pans. There is some evidence that using cast iron cookware can increase your iron intake. Consider investing in a cast iron skillet to help boost the amount of iron you consume in your diet. Small amounts of iron leach into food as it cooks, giving you a healthy, if small, dose of iron that doesn't affect the taste of your meals. This can be a useful trick if you don't like eating red meat. A good cast iron skillet will last the rest of your life, so it's worth the small investment. Check your medications. Certain medications can make people more prone to developing anemia. If you're on medications that may put you at risk, ask your doctor whether there's an alternative medication that will do the job without causing you to become anemic. The following medications may lead to anemia: Cephalosporins Dapsone Levodopa Levofloxacin Methyldopa Nitrofurantoin Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), especially if used frequently Penicillin and its derivatives Phenazopyridine (pyridium) Quinidine Learn that some anemia cannot be treated with diet. Unfortunately, some types of anemia are not preventable or treatable with diet. If you have an underlying medical issue or a blood disease that prevents your body from producing red blood cells, you won't be able to avoid anemia on your own. Seeking medical help to understand and treat the disease is the best way forward. Anemia that is not preventable can be congenital or caused by a number of conditions including: chronic disease, bone marrow disease, sickle cell and aplastic anemia, and  thalassemia. Treat anemia by addressing underlying medical issues. Some diseases prevent the body from making the correct number of red blood cells. The most common of these is kidney disease. If you have a disease that makes you prone to anemia, consulting your physician for appropriate treatment is absolutely necessary. If you have anemia from an intestinal condition such as Crohn's or Celiac, you will need to speak to your doctor and develop an effective treatment plan. If you have aplastic anemia or anemia caused by cancer, you may need a bone marrow transplant to help your body produce more red blood cells. If you have hemolytic anemia, you may need to avoid certain medications and take immunosuppressant drugs to boost your red blood cell count. Eating a lot of iron and avoiding situations that may cause injury could also help. Undergo treatment for anemia caused by blood diseases. In some cases, anemia is inherited in the form of a blood disease. Knowing that you or family members have the disease is the important first step to getting proper treatment and managing the condition. The following blood diseases cause anemia: People suffering from sickle cell anemia have red blood cells shaped like sickles, which makes the cells prone to getting stuck in blood vessels and blocking blood flow. Sickle cell anemia can be very serious and very painful if not treated. Thalassemia causes the body to make less hemoglobin than normal, leading to anemia. Aplastic anemia causes the body to stop making enough new blood cells, including red blood cells. This can be caused by outside factors like certain cancer treatments, exposure to toxic chemicals, drugs, infections, and other causes. 
Understand why your affidavit is needed and how it will be used. Before you agree to provide an affidavit, learn what facts are at issue in the case that make an affidavit necessary. Make sure you're not being asked to say something that you don't believe or to testify to facts you haven't observed. If it can be proven that you lied in an affidavit, you can be prosecuted for perjury. Since the affidavit will be filed as part of the case, it will become a public record that anyone can access later. A copy also will be provided to the other side in the custody dispute. Find out the issues involved. You know that custody is being contested. You should also understand why, so you can stick to the facts that will be relevant to resolving the contested issues. For example, if custody is contested because one parent claims the other is an alcoholic, any information included in your affidavit should focus on that issue. If you introduce extraneous matters, you're wasting the court's time. Talk to the attorney who will draft the affidavit. The attorney may want to interview you personally regarding your observations, or s/he may ask you simply to write them down. In the latter case s/he may follow up with questions later if s/he needs more information. Depending on what you say, the attorney may ask you for supporting documents or other evidence to corroborate your statement. For example, suppose you're the child's baseball coach and you're discussing the parent's involvement in the child's activities. You mention that the parent often kept score at games. The attorney might ask to see score sheets his client completed. Review the statements written in the affidavit. The attorney may omit any hyperbole or melodramatic statements you make and may change your wording a bit to suit legal style and format. The affidavit should include only observations you have previously discussed with the attorney. Provide suggestions for revision if necessary. You are signing your affidavit under oath and penalty of perjury, so if there's anything there that you're not 100 percent comfortable saying, you shouldn't sign the affidavit until it's corrected so that you completely agree with it. Sign the affidavit in the presence of a notary. To be valid in a court of law, affidavits must be witnessed by a notary public licensed in your state. Since an attorney has drafted your affidavit, s/he probably will provide a notary public and arrange for you to sign your affidavit, usually in the attorney's office. Appear in court if necessary. Affidavits often are used to establish custody temporarily. However, if your statements are to be used to help make a permanent custody arrangement, you will probably be required to testify in open court. Understand the purpose of your affidavit. Before you begin to write anything down, make sure you understand what issues are in dispute and why you've been called on to provide supporting evidence. You need to know this so you can include in the affidavit only relevant information. If your observations are not relevant to anything at issue in the case, they won't be admissible. For example, suppose your friend's custody of her child is being challenged by the child's father, who alleges that your friend is abusive. Focus in the affidavit on observations you've made that tend to demonstrate your friend is not abusive to her child. Check for affidavit forms. Some states provide affidavit forms, also called "declarations." You can use such a form for formatting purposes, but you'll have to adapt it to suit your own needs. Create the caption. The heading information at the top of the first page of the affidavit is called the "caption." Usually it includes the name of the court, the names of the parties, and the case number. The content and format of the caption should remain the same in all documents filed in the case. Thus you could simply copy the caption of one of the other documents. Title your affidavit. Drop two lines below the caption, and type a title such as "Affidavit of [Your Name]," or simply "Character Affidavit." Use a previously filed document in the case as a guide for how to format the title, as document-formatting preferences differ from one court to the next. Generally titles are centered and in bold-face type. Some courts prefer the title to be in all capital letters or underlined. Identify yourself and your relationship to the party in the case. Start the body of your affidavit by introducing yourself to the court.  You may use traditional, formal court language if you prefer, which is "Comes now [your name], a nonparty, and states as follows:" followed by numbered statements. Each numbered statement typically covers one subject. It may be one sentence or several. Make a statement regarding your belief that the person for whom you're writing the affidavit has a good moral and ethical character. Describe your background. Explain to the court who you are and any part of your background or experience that makes you a credible witness.  For example, if you are the child's baseball coach and have observed the parent interact with the child at games and practices, you might mention how long you've been a youth baseball coach and approximately how many other parent-child relationships you've observed. Write about your observations. Give specific, numbered examples of things you've personally observed that demonstrate and support your belief about the person's character. Follow the general writing advice: "show, don't tell." Show the court specific facts or instances that illustrate the good character of the person, rather than simply saying the person has a good reputation, or that in your opinion s/he has strong morals. Stay away from vague statements such as "Dad is an actively involved parent." Instead, provide specific instances of Dad's active involvement. For example, if you're the child's baseball coach, you might mention that Dad comes to every practice and every game and also helps the team in the dugout. Be cautious of citing facts that might not be seen as demonstrating good moral character. For example, you may believe that active membership in a church is evidence of good moral character, but that would not necessarily be persuasive evidence in the eyes of someone of a different spiritual temperament. Be objective. Rather than setting forth church membership as evidence of character, talk about the things the person did through the church. For example, building a house for a needy family or operating a canned-food drive might be seen as indicating good character. Try your best to remain balanced. If you know of positive attributes of the other parent, include that information, too. Entirely one-sided affidavits may raise suspicions. Avoid trying to make the person look like a saint. Nobody's perfect. If you list only positive and glowing traits of your friend, your affidavit won't be very credible. If you know of weaknesses, include those as well. It will make your affidavit more persuasive. For example, suppose the child's father alleges that the child's mother, your friend, is an alcoholic. If you know that she sometimes drinks, occasionally to excess, you should include that information. Doing so will lend authenticity to your statement. Remember that you are writing your affidavit under oath. Format your signature block. When you've finished saying everything you want to say, drop down two lines and lay out the area where you'll sign your affidavit. Include a statement such as "I swear the information contained above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief." Leave enough space beneath the above statement for your signature and date. Under that, type your name, address, telephone number, and email address. Add a notary block. Affidavits must be signed in the presence of a notary public, who also must sign the affidavit as a witness and affix a seal. The exact format and space needed for a notary block vary from state to state. Search online to find the form you need for your state, and then copy it onto your affidavit. Sign your affidavit in the presence of a notary. Find a notary public near you, and make arrangements to sign your affidavit in his/her presence. Many banks have a notary available to their customers for free. You can also find a notary service at some private businesses such as check-cashing companies, or at your local courthouse. These notaries typically charge a small fee for their services. Make a copy of your signed affidavit. The person who requested the affidavit will need the original to file with the court, but make sure you have a copy for your own records before you hand it over. Appear in court if necessary. Some family-court judges will want you to appear in court and testify on the stand to the facts stated in your affidavit. Although they may rely on affidavits for temporary decisions, they might want to see you in person before any permanent order is made. 
Rinse your board right after using it. Rinse your board with water right after you use it, rather than waiting until the end of the meal or even the next day when you clean it. This will help minimize bacteria growth and keep your board cleaner. Resist the urge to throw your board in the sink after the meal and forget about it. Clean your board with dish soap and hot water. To clean your cutting board, scrub it with a few drops of dish soap on a sponge and some hot water. Be sure to remove any food particles as you wash, paying particular attention to any grooves or scrapes in your board. Food can collect in these spots. Never clean a wooden cutting board in the dishwasher or soak it in water. The wood will absorb water, which can lead to bacteria and mold forming. Rinse your board. Rinse your board to remove any traces of soap. You don't want whatever you cook next to taste like your dish soap. Dry your board thoroughly to prevent cracking. After you're finished washing your cutting board, dry it thoroughly with a clean dishtowel, removing any excess water. This is particularly important if your board is made of wood, as they are more prone to cracks. Use a combination of white vinegar and baking soda. To sanitize your cutting board after use, sprinkle it with some baking soda. Then, spray the baking soda–covered board with white vinegar. This will fizz, helping draw stains out of your board and deodorizing it. Let this mix sit for 5 minutes and then rinse your board with water, drying as normal. Baking soda is especially effective on plastic cutting boards. Disinfect your board with 3% hydrogen peroxide. Just as hydrogen peroxide can clean a wound, it can also clean your cutting board. Sprinkle your board with 3% hydrogen peroxide solution, and let it stand for 1 minute to kill any surface bacteria. Then, rinse your board with water, and dry with a dishtowel as normal. Hydrogen peroxide can bleach porous surfaces like wood. Don't let the solution sit too long or it might fade your cutting board. Remove stains with a scrub of coarse salt. For deep, set-in stains on your cutting board, use a coarse salt, such as kosher salt, as a scrub. Wet a sponge and use a handful of salt to scour your board, focusing on any areas of discoloration. Rinse your board with water when finished, and dry with a clean towel. Be sure to wash your hands well and moisturize them with lotion after scrubbing your board with salt. It can be very drying. Another option is wearing kitchen gloves. Wash your board with diluted bleach once a month. Especially if you work with raw meats and fish on your cutting board, use a diluted bleach solution to do a deep clean of your board once a month. Make a solution that's 1/8th bleach and 7/8ths water. Wet a sponge, and scrub your board with the solution. Rinse well with plain water and dry your board as normal with a clean towel. Rub your board with a lemon to deodorize once a week. To keep your board smelling fresh, use half of a cut lemon to deodorize your board. Rub the cut-side of the lemon along the length of the board side to side. Then, rinse with plain water, and dry with a clean towel. Condition your cutting board weekly. If your cutting board is made of wood, use mineral oil to condition your board after it's clean. This will keep it in optimal condition. Do not use organic oils or fats, which can turn rancid, to lubricate your board. Look for products labeled kitchen-grade white mineral oil, such as Howard's Cutting Board Oil. There are other mineral oils meant for lubricating machinery but not for consumption. Look specifically for kitchen-grade oil. You can condition your board every time you clean it, or a minimum of once a week. Simply rub your board with the conditioner, and let it air try so the oil can soak in. 
Recall the formula for a sphere’s volume. A sphere is a circular solid in three dimensions. The primary formula for the volume of a sphere is: Volume = 4 3 π r 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi r^{3}} π = 3.14 {\displaystyle \pi =3.14} r = radius {\displaystyle r={\text{radius}}} Find the volume of a sphere if you know the radius. The radius of a sphere is the measure from the center of the sphere to the outer edge. If you are given a problem to calculate volume, you will probably be given the radius. Otherwise, the radius can be difficult to measure because you cannot accurately reach the center of a solid object. Suppose you are told that a sphere exists with a radius of 10 cm. Find the volume as follows: Volume = 4 3 π r 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi r^{3}} Volume = 4 3 ∗ ( 3.14 ) ∗ 10 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}*(3.14)*10^{3}} Volume = 4.18667 ∗ 1000 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=4.18667*1000} Volume = 4186.67 cm 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=4186.67{\text{cm}}^{3}} Find the volume if given the diameter. Alternatively, a given situation may provide you with the diameter of a sphere. The diameter is equal to double the radius. In more concrete terms, the diameter is the distance that passes from one edge of the sphere through the center to the opposite edge. To calculate volume beginning with the diameter (d), revise the formula as follows: Volume = 4 3 π ( d 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {d}{2}})^{3}} As an example of this calculation, find the volume of a sphere whose diameter is 10 cm. Volume = 4 3 π ( d 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {d}{2}})^{3}} Volume = 4 3 π ( 10 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {10}{2}})^{3}} Volume = 4 3 ∗ ( 3.14 ) ∗ ( 5 3 ) {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}*(3.14)*(5^{3})} Volume = 4.18667 ∗ 125 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=4.18667*125} Volume = 523.3 cm 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=523.3{\text{cm}}^{3}} Revise the formula if you know the circumference. The circumference of a sphere is probably the easiest one for you to measure directly. You can use a tape measure, wrap it carefully around the widest part of the sphere, and take the measurement. Alternatively, you may be provided the circumference in a stated problem. To find the volume beginning with the circumference (C), revise the formula as follows: Volume = 4 3 π r 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi r^{3}} Volume = 4 3 π ∗ ( C 2 π ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi *({\frac {C}{2\pi }})^{3}} Volume = 4 3 π ∗ ( C 3 8 π 3 ) {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi *({\frac {C^{3}}{8\pi ^{3}}})} Volume = C 3 6 π 2 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {C^{3}}{6\pi ^{2}}}} Calculate the volume if you know the circumference. Suppose you are given a sphere and you measure the circumference to be 32 cm. Find its volume: Volume = C 3 6 π 2 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {C^{3}}{6\pi ^{2}}}} Volume = 32 3 6 ∗ 3.14 2 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {32^{3}}{6*3.14^{2}}}} Volume = 32 , 768 59.158 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {32,768}{59.158}}} Volume = 553.9 cm 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=553.9{\text{cm}}^{3}} Measure volume by displacement. A final, practical method for measuring volume is to submerge the sphere into water. You need to have a beaker large enough to hold the sphere, with accurate volume measurement markings. Pour enough water into the beaker to cover the sphere. Make note of the measurement. Place the sphere into the water. Notice that the water level rises. Make note of the new measurement. Subtract the first measurement from the second. The result is the volume of the sphere. For example, suppose your water level rises from 100 ml to 625 ml when you submerge the sphere. The volume is therefore 525 ml. Note that 1 ml=1 cm. Find the density. To calculate mass from volume, you must know the density of the object. Different materials have different densities. Consider a sphere made of styrofoam, for example, and compare its weight to a sphere the same size made of iron. Iron has a much greater density and will therefore have a greater mass. You can find densities of many solid materials by looking up density tables online, in textbooks or in other industry catalogs. For example, here are the recorded densities of some solid materials: Aluminum = 2700 kg/m Butter = 870 kg/m Lead = 11,350 kg/m Pressed wood = 190 kg/m Convert the units as needed. The units you used in calculating volume must match the volume units in the density measurement. If they do not, then you must convert them. All of the examples in the previous section resulted in volumes measured in cubic centimeters. However, the cited density table provides densities based on cubic meters. Because there are 100 centimeters in a meter, there are 10 cubic centimeters in a cubic meter. Divide the given densities by 10 to represent the density in units of kg/cm. (You can do this most easily by just moving the decimal point 6 spaces to the left.) For the four sample materials, the converted densities are as follows: Aluminum = 2700 kg/m = 0.0027 kg/cm Butter = 870 kg/m = 0.00087 kg/cm Lead = 11,350 kg/m = 0.01135 kg/cm Pressed wood = 190 kg/m = 0.00019 kg/cm Multiply volume by density to find mass. Recall that the formula for density is Density = Mass Volume {\displaystyle {\text{Density}}={\frac {\text{Mass}}{\text{Volume}}}}. Rearranging this to find the mass, the equation becomes Density ∗ Volume = Mass {\displaystyle {\text{Density}}*{\text{Volume}}={\text{Mass}}}. Using the four sample materials, aluminum, butter, lead and pressed wood, find the mass of a sphere that has a volume of 500 cm. Aluminum : 500 cm 3 ∗ 0.0027 kg cm 3 = 1.35 kg {\displaystyle {\text{Aluminum}}:500{\text{ cm}}^{3}*0.0027{\frac {\text{kg}}{{\text{cm}}^{3}}}=1.35{\text{ kg}}} Butter : 500 cm 3 ∗ 0.00087 kg cm 3 = 0.435 kg {\displaystyle {\text{Butter}}:500{\text{ cm}}^{3}*0.00087{\frac {\text{kg}}{{\text{cm}}^{3}}}=0.435{\text{ kg}}} Lead : 500 cm 3 ∗ 0.01135 kg cm 3 = 5.675 kg {\displaystyle {\text{Lead}}:500{\text{ cm}}^{3}*0.01135{\frac {\text{kg}}{{\text{cm}}^{3}}}=5.675{\text{ kg}}} Pressed wood : 500 cm 3 ∗ 0.00019 kg cm 3 = 0.095 kg {\displaystyle {\text{Pressed wood}}:500{\text{ cm}}^{3}*0.00019{\frac {\text{kg}}{{\text{cm}}^{3}}}=0.095{\text{ kg}}} Read the problem carefully. When answering problems about mass calculations, you need to read the full problem carefully. As you read, it may help to highlight the given data. Read the whole problem carefully to see what you are being asked to solve. For example, consider the following problem: A large sphere made of solid brass has a diameter of 1.2 m. Find the mass of the sphere. Identify the known and unknown data. Reading the problem carefully, you should identify that you are given the diameter, so you will use the adjusted formula: Volume = 4 3 π ( d 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {d}{2}})^{3}} You should also notice that the sphere is made of brass. You will need to look up the density of brass from a density table online. From the website, EngineeringToolbox.com, you can find that the density of brass is 8480 kg/m. Because the diameter of the sphere was given in meters, its volume will be calculated in cubic meters, so you do not need to convert the density. Calculate the volume. To calculate the volume, set up the correct formula, fill in the data you know and perform the calculations as follows: Volume = 4 3 π ( d 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {d}{2}})^{3}} Volume = 4 3 π ( 1.2 2 ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}={\frac {4}{3}}\pi ({\frac {1.2}{2}})^{3}} Volume = 4.18667 ∗ 0.6 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=4.18667*0.6^{3}} Volume = 4.18667 ∗ 0.216 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=4.18667*0.216} Volume = 0.90432 m 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Volume}}=0.90432{\text{ m}}^{3}} Use the density to calculate the mass. Recall that Mass = Density ∗ Volume {\displaystyle {\text{Mass}}={\text{Density}}*{\text{Volume}}}. Insert the values that you know to find the mass: Mass = Density ∗ Volume {\displaystyle {\text{Mass}}={\text{Density}}*{\text{Volume}}} Mass = 8480 kg m 3 ∗ 0.90432 m 3 {\displaystyle {\text{Mass}}=8480{\frac {\text{ kg}}{{\text{ m}}^{3}}}*0.90432{\text{ m}}^{3}} Mass = 7668.6 kg {\displaystyle {\text{Mass}}=7668.6{\text{ kg}}} 
Hive Stand. This is the stand that lifts the hive off the ground, and may have an angled landing board for the bees. While you don't need a technical 'hive stand', you will need a stand of sorts to prop your super off the ground. A small table or bench built to fit your honey bee box will work, if you're looking for a home-made substitution. Bottom board. This is the first section/layer of your box. It is a flat piece of wood that serves as the base for your super.  The bottom board can either be solid or screened, the only difference being that screened bottom boards are better at keeping out pests and have an added bit of ventilation. Your bees will come and go from an entrance in the bottom board. Entrance reducer. This is a small piece of wood that blocks off part of the entrance in the bottom board.  Entrance reducers help small colonies by preventing the entrance of large pests and robbers. Slatted rack. This is, just as it sounds, a flat panel of wood that is crossed by other small strips of wood, forming a flat rack. This is layered between the bottom board and the brood chamber, to provide ventilation, make access of the brood chamber easier, and prevents the bees from forming ladder comb. A slatted rack is an optional addition to your box, but it is well worth adding if you're able. Deep super. The deep super is the large box that the bees build their hive into. A deep super is the largest section, and you will use 1-2 for a single honey bee box. Each deep super comes with either 8 or 10 frames. Deep superframes. These are the frames that are individually inserted into the deep super. The frames hold foundation, which is the wax and wire base that the bees use to start their own wax building. You will need 8-10 deep superframes, depending on the size of your deep super. Queen excluder. Because you don't want the queen bee to lay eggs in the honey, you add a queen excluder to your box. This is a flat rack that has small holes for the worker bees to use, but which are too small for the queen to use. Honey super. The honey super, like the deep super, is where the bees will store their honey. This is a large box placed on top of the deep super, with the queen excluder sandwiched between the two. It is normally easiest to work with shallow or medium-sized honey supers, otherwise it can become too heavy to lift the box full of honey. Honey superframes. Honey superframes are panels of wood or plastic that are inserted vertically into the honey super. These are where the bees build their wax and honey and can be removed from the super. Frames are either 'shallow' or 'medium' to match the size of the honey super you are using, and have a foundation similar to that in deep superframes. Inner cover. This is the final layer in your bee box - a type of lid with an entrance that is placed over your honey super. Inner covers have two sides - one for fall/winter, and one for spring/summer. Outer cover. This is a metal lid that is used to keep adverse weather conditions from interfering with your bee box. This is the lid that tops off the box, over the top of the inner cover. Purchase your supplies. You have three choices when it comes to getting a honey bee box: buy a complete box for a lot of money, buy separate parts and put them together for less money, or build all your parts from scratch and save over 50% of your money. Regardless of which option you choose, you should always purchase your supplies from an esteemed bee seller. Buying cheap supplies not only will not last very long, it may also cause damage to your bees (and your honey!). Always use untreated wood - typically pine or cedar. None of the boxes/supers have bottoms, so you'll only need to purchase enough wood to create the outer edges for you multiple supers. Some supplies - like your frames and the outer lid - can't be made easily, and you'll have to buckle down and purchase them. Build your deep supers. There will be 2 short sides that are 16.25-by-9.56 inches (41.28-by-24.28 cm) and 2 long sides that are 20-by-9.56 inches (50.8-by-24.28 cm). All 4 sides will have tongue-and-groove or dovetailed ends. Cut your wood to meet these measurements, and create the proper joints along the edges. Build your honey supers. The size of your honey supers will vary depending on if you desire 'shallow' or 'medium' supers. The length/width of your honey supers will be the same as your deep supers (long side: 20-by-your height of 5.75 or 6.625 inches, short side: 16.25-by-height of 5.75 or 6.625 inches). The height will vary. For a shallow super, your box should be 5¾-inches high; a medium super will be 6⅝-inches high. Just like the deep super, use a tongue-and-groove or dovetailed joint on the edges. Assemble your supers. Use waterproof wood glue to put your supers together. Put a small dab of the glue on each of the interlocking joints, and slide the slats into place to form your boxes. Then, use a system of vices to hold the boxes in place while the glue dries. When the glue has completed drying, use a few small nails to finish off building your supers. Buy or build the bottom board with an entrance reducer. The bottom board is the first layer of your box and is just a flat piece of wood with raised edges. The board will be the same length/width of the supers, but the height of the edges is only.375-inches high. Attached to the front is the entrance reducer; the entrance reducer needs to be.75 inches (1.91 cm) for the summer entrance and.38 inches (.95 cm) for the winter entrance. Entrances that are larger may encourage an infestation of rodents. Some commercially bought bases are reversible for the correct seasonal entrance. This reduces the cost of the setup as well as circumventing the need for the storage of 1 base during the off-season. Paint the exposed parts of your box. Although you don't have to paint your box, many beekeepers prefer to paint the exposed parts of the box white in order to reflect sunlight. If you decide to do so, use a white, non-toxic outdoor paint which will withstand the weather. Never paint inside the supers though, as this can be harmful to the bees and your honey. Buy an excluder for your bee box. This fits on the top inside of the deep super and prevents the queen from moving into the honey supers. This is an item that can't be made at home, and will have to be purchased for your box. Buy your covers for the box. There are two covers that are required for your honey bee box: the inner cover, and the outer cover. The inner cover is wood and has a hole at the top as an entrance, while the outer cover is metal and covers the top of the box. The outer cover should telescope out over the sides of the hive bodies and fit snugly. Get the frames for your supers. The frames are the portions of the box that the bees use to form their hive and wax. You can't really make your own frames, unless you go through a long process of assembling the wire/foundation (which beginners shouldn't do). Frames are made out of both wood and plastic, but both serve the same purpose. You'll need 10 frames for each deep super, and 6-8 frames depending on the size of each of your honey supers. Slide these into each super vertically until they lock into place. Assemble your box. Now is the time you've been waiting for! To put your box together, you'll need to layer all of the parts on top of your stand. The bottom board goes first, followed by the slatted frame (if you have one), then the deep super(s), queen excluder, honey super(s), and the cover. The hive stand can keep the beehive up off the ground to help keep the bottom dry and to insulate the hive. The hive stand can be made of anything that holds the hive up, or you can use a commercially purchased one. 
Place the ingredients into a small pot. Add the can of beans, 1 cup (240 mL) of salsa or picante sauce, 8 ounces (230 g) of shredded cheese (cheddar or Monterrey jack), 0.75 cups (180 mL) of sour cream, 3 ounces (85 g) of cream cheese, 1 to 2 tablespoons (7.5 to 15 grams) of taco seasoning or chili powder, a dash of cumin, and the salt and pepper to taste. If you don't have a can of refried beans, use a potato masher to mash up a can of black or pinto beans. Drain most of the juice, but leave a little bit in to help you mash the beans. Stir the pot over medium heat. Set the pot on the stove, and turn the heat to medium. Stir the ingredients frequently, as you don't want them to burn while they cook and the cheeses melt. You can also put the ingredients in a slow cooker. Leave the slow cooker on high for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. If you don't have a stove, you can use a microwave. Put the ingredients in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat the ingredients on high for 5-8 minutes, until everything is melted. Stir every 1-2 minutes. Cook the dip until everything blends together. As the cream cheese, shredded cheese, and sour cream melt, stir them into the beans. Keep stirring frequently, until everything has thoroughly blended together. Serve the dip warm with tortilla chips. The easiest way to eat this dip is to simply use store-bought tortilla chips and dig in. However, you can also use it to make a bean burrito by spreading it on a tortilla and wrapping it up with some shredded cheese. Alternatively, add it to nachos. Store any leftovers in the fridge in an airtight container and use them within 3-4 days. Sort and soak the beans overnight in water. Spread the beans out on a tray, and pick out any debris or odd-looking beans. Place the beans in a storage container that's at least double the size of the beans, and fill the container up most of the way with water. Leave the beans to soak overnight on the counter. You don't have to refrigerate them. If you do want to refrigerate them, you may want to soak them for 24 hours. Soaking the beans gives them a head start for cooking. You can skip this step. However, they may take longer to cook, and they might not get as soft. Also, soaking beans may help reduce digestive distress later. If you don't have time to soak overnight, try this 1-hour method: Put the beans in a pot, and add enough water to cover the beans plus 3 inches (7.6 cm). Bring the water to a boil for 2 minutes, then turn the heat off. Place a lid on the beans, and let them sit for an hour. Drain off the water from the beans when you're ready to cook them. The next day, put the beans in a colander. Let the water drain off, and then rinse them under cold, running water for a few seconds. Cook the beans in 6 cups (1.4 L) of liquid for 1-1.5 hours. Place the beans and liquid in a large pot, and set it over medium-high heat. Let the beans come to a boil, and add the chili powder and taco seasoning at this point, as well as a couple of dashes of black pepper. Reduce the heat to medium-low, and prop a lid over them, leaving one edge open. Let them cook until they're tender. For liquid, you can use water, chicken stock, or veggie stock. You can also make your own seasoning by adding cumin, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, and even dried oregano to equal 1-2 tablespoons (7.5-15 grams) of seasoning. Pour in the cans of green chilies and diced tomatoes. You should see some liquid still in the bottom of the pot once the beans are done. Simmer the beans, tomatoes, and chilies together for 15-20 minutes with the lid off. Stir the pot frequently, as it can burn quickly. If you prefer, you can add 2 cups (470 mL) of salsa or picante sauce in place of the tomatoes and green chilies. Mash the beans once the liquid has partially cooked off. Add a couple of dashes of salt to the pot. Turn the heat down to low, and mash the dip with a potato masher until you get a relatively smooth dip. If you prefer a smoother bean dip, use a stick blender to break up the dip. Melt the shredded cheese into the dip. Add the shredded cheese to the pot. Stir the cheese in, and keep stirring for the next few minutes. The cheese will slowly melt into the dip as you stir. Taste the dip at this point to see if it's salty enough. If it's not to your taste, add a bit more. Serve the dip with chips and salsa. Place leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Eat the dip within 3-4 days. Mix together the beans, the spices, and the tomatoes and green chilies. Combine the ingredients in a bowl, including 2 teaspoons (5 grams) of chili powder, 1 teaspoon (2.5 grams) of cumin, 1/2 teaspoon (1.25 grams) of garlic powder, and salt and pepper to taste. Stir them together until they are thoroughly combined. Spread the bean mixture in a 7 by 11 in (18 by 28 cm) baking dish. Use a spoon to smooth it out along the bottom of the dish, completely covering it. The layer should be fairly thin. You can also use a large serving plate or bowl. Mix the 3 avocados with the lime juice, salt, and pepper. Slice the avocados in half and scoop out the fruit. Mash the avocado with a fork until it's mostly smooth, and then add the lime, salt, and pepper. Stir the ingredients to combine them. You can use lemon juice if you don't have lime. Spread the avocado mixture over the beans. Use a spoon to dollop the avocado mixture in small piles over the beans. Smooth the mixture out into a single layer, covering the beans completely. Add a layer of sour cream next. Add spoonfuls of the 1.5 cups (350 mL) of sour cream in small piles across the top of the avocado layer. Use your spoon to spread it out evenly, completely hiding the avocados. You can also try a mixture of mayonnaise and sour cream in equal parts. Sprinkle on a layer of cheese. Cover the top of the sour cream with a layer of sprinkled cheese totaling 8 ounces (230 g). Spread it out as evenly as you can across the dip. Create layers of black olives, diced tomatoes, and onions. Sprinkle on 3 ounces (85 g) of sliced black olives in an even layer, followed by the 2 diced tomatoes. Finally, add a light sprinkling of the 2 diced green onions across the top of the dip. Serve this dip cold with chips. You can make this dip a day ahead, but keep it in the refrigerator. Cover the container with plastic wrap to store it in the fridge. Use within a day or 2, as the avocado will start to taste off. 
Choose computer electives while you're in middle and high school. In order to prepare yourself for a career in IT, you should learn as much as you can about computers. As you spend more time with these machines, you'll begin to understand how they work, the kinds of problems or bugs that often cause them to break, and how to repair them. IT workers (including managers) set up and oversee computer technology such as software and networking. They also do routine diagnostics checks and troubleshoot issues with the machines. While basic computer classes won't cover the exact duties of an IT worker, they'll give you a good foundation to build on. Disassemble an old computer and put it back together. Buy an old computer online or at a local used electronics store. Use YouTube tutorials and other online how-tos to take it apart. Then put the computer back together or get new parts to customize it. This is a great way to learn what makes a computer tick, as well how to fix it or make it work more efficiently. You can also ask your friends and family members if they'd be willing to let you take a look at their broken computers. If you can, take apart both a PC and a Mac to get exposed to the different types of popular machines. Get your bachelor's in information technology or computer science. Unlike some jobs in IT, managers need to have a bachelor's degree to get hired. Some colleges offer information technology or informational technology management majors that prepare students for both the business and technical aspects of IT careers. Ask your guidance counselor to help you find these schools, or look online for the top-rated information technology programs. Take communications and management classes as well. Your computer science or information technology degree will prepare you to handle the technical side of the job. However, a big part of your position in particular will be communicating with your employees and the rest of the workers at the company in order to keep your department running smoothly. These supplemental courses can help you with your public speaking, leadership, and business management skills. Communicate to your professors that you're interested in the management side of the career field. They'll help you enroll in the classes you need to develop leadership and business management skills. Consider double majoring or minoring in management. Get an internship to build your network. Look for an internship while you're still an undergraduate. Apply for internships that will expose you to IT departments at major companies. This will give you a body of contacts that you can rely on later to point you in the direction of open positions or to write recommendation letters. Ask your professors and/or advisor to help you find internships that will improve your career prospects. Find a tech boot camp online or at a local university. Tech boot camps cover different topics, but many are meant to launch people into careers as IT workers. Some are designed for recent graduates, which will likely be the best option for you. Look for boot camps that emphasize IT management as well. Some boot camps may be offered to lower-income students for free. Search online for these opportunities. Go for your master's degree to improve your job prospects. While a master's degree isn't required for IT managers, it may help you land a higher-paying job or competitive position with an exciting company. Look into getting a master of science (MS) degree in IT management, or a master's of business administration (MBA) with an emphasis on computer technology. Talk to your undergraduate advisor about reputable master's programs. They may also be able to recommend scholarships you can apply for to pay for the degree. Begin with Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) certifications. The CCNA Routing & Switching exam is a prerequisite certification. This low-level exam will cover the installation and configuration of network routers and switches, as well as how to upgrade a company's networks when new technology arrives. Once you've completed it, you can choose a career concentration (by taking upper-level exams) in security, service provider operations, remote collaboration, or wireless setup. The test costs $325 USD. You can take it at a certified testing center or online. Entry-level IT workers will generally need to be certified to do network setup, computer security and repair, and installation of new computer technology. The Cisco exams can get you started on this path. Verify your foundational skills as a CompTIA A+ Technician. Completing this exam shows that you understand the typical hardware and software that's used by companies in the business world. It also shows that you can handle multiple platforms, including mobile and traditional devices. Look for training materials and online courses on the CompTIA website. This 90-question online exam costs $205 USD. Develop your networking skills with the CompTIA Network+ certification. Passing this test shows employers that you can design, configure, and troubleshoot wireless networks. This is a good certification to get early in your career to round out your IT skill set. This online exam costs $294 USD. Take online training courses if you can afford them. The companies that produce these certification exams also offer prep classes for them. These can get pricey, usually costing at least $100 USD per course. You can also purchase study materials and training through online tech schools such as Udemy. Many undergraduate IT programs will include prep for these certifications. Choose self-prep books and practice questions if you're on a budget. Go to your local bookstore and library and search online to find study books and practice exams. Be sure this material is up-to-date by checking when it was published. Don't rely on study materials that are more than 1 year old. Although this will be less costly, if you prefer structure when learning, consider waiting to register for the exams until you've saved enough for the courses. Continue to pursue valuable upper-level certifications. There are several technical skills that are particularly important to IT managers, including an understanding of Java programming language, SAP implementation, database management, cloud storage, and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems. Cisco and CompTIA provide a number of upper-level certification exams. It's also a good idea to obtain Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) certifications. You can slowly budget for these certifications after you've secured a job as an entry-level IT worker. Volunteer your skills with a local organization to get experience. Get in touch with nonprofits, schools, or other budget-strapped institutions near you. See if there's a computer technology problem that you can address. Put this experience on your resume (in a separate spot than paid job) to show employers that you've applied your education and certifications out in the real world. Work as an entry-level IT employee for 5-6 years. Usually, you won't be able to just jump in as an IT manager. Most companies will want to see that you've worked in the IT field for several years before moving up to a management role. Start by applying for jobs as an IT specialist or IT support worker. Ask for more responsibilities at your current company. It's possible that you can become a manager in your own department! Talk to your boss about adding management-like tasks to your current workload. Mention that you're interested in eventually moving up to IT manager, and see if they think that you can gradually assume that role. This slow transition will allow you to ease into your new position. Find IT manager jobs online if you want to change companies. It's possible that there won't be advancement opportunities where you work now. If that's the case, go to Indeed or LinkedIn to search for open positions near you. Write down the skills companies are looking for and see if you match any listings. If you have all but 1 or 2 of the skills a particular listing mentions, apply! Your education, experience, cover letter, or interview may set you apart from the rest of the pack. Write a resume that showcases your tech and management skills. Put your technical skills and certifications right at the top of the resume. For jobs you've held in the past, talk about measurable accomplishments instead of daily duties. Tailor every resume to the job you're applying for by reading the listing closely. Use your document to emphasize that you're exactly what the company needs. For example, a company will be less interested in knowing that you “oversaw network maintenance.” Instead, say that you “changed network diagnostic protocols, minimizing glitches and cutting time-to-repair by 50% in 2017.” Write a concise but passionate cover letter. Go online and do research about the company as you're writing your cover letter. This will allow you to show that you're enthusiastic about what the company does. Demonstrate your excitement about the IT career field generally, as well as the particular job you're applying for. Cover letters generally shouldn't be more than 1 single-spaced page. Proofread carefully before you submit your application! A typo on a resume or cover letter sticks out like a sore thumb. Ace your interview by preparing and dressing the part. When you're brought in for an interview, wear clean and pressed clothing. Show your self-confidence with upright posture,  steady eye contact, and a level voice. Be ready for technical questions about your abilities as an IT worker. You'll also want to prepare responses for standard and management-related questions such as the following: “How would you handle a frustrated client who felt like the IT department hadn't properly handled their technology issues?” “How would you address an employee whose productivity suddenly declined?” “Can you describe a difficult problem you encountered in the past and how you solved it?” “What are your strengths and weaknesses?” “Can you tell me a little bit about yourself, your work experience and educational background?” 
Eat avocado every day. For example, you can spread avocado onto a sandwich in place of mayo, add sliced avocado to a salad, incorporate avocado into a wrap, or make guacamole. How much avocado you eat will depend on your calorie goals and preferences. Keep in mind that the average avocado has about 322 calories. Half an avocado has 161 calories. You can consume the avocado all at once, or spread it throughout the day. For example, you could have ¼ of an avocado mixed into a smoothie for breakfast and ¼ of an avocado mashed, mixed with salsa, and enjoyed with veggie slices.  in place of other fats. Use avocado Avocado can help you to feel full longer because of the fat each fruit contains. Make sure that you replace the fats in your diet with avocado. Do not add avocado as an additional fat source or you may end up consuming too many calories in a day, as a whole avocado has 322 calories. For example, you could replace the sour cream on your baked potato with avocado slices, spread avocado over a slice of toast instead of butter, or replace the cheese on a sandwich with a few slices of avocado. Substitute an equal amount of avocado for butter in baked goods. Avocado works well as a 1 to 1 substitution for butter in baked goods, which can reduce the saturated fat and cholesterol in your meals. Replace all of some of the butter in your recipes with an equal amount of mashed avocado. This is a great way to reduce saturated fat and cholesterol in cookies, muffins, and cakes. You can replace all or some of the butter. If you replace all of the butter in a recipe with avocado, decrease the oven temperature by 25 °F (−4 °C). Make an avocado-based dressing instead of a cream-based dressing. Salad dressings can be laden with saturated fats and cholesterol. Using avocado as a base for your dressing is a great way to include more avocado in your diet. Swap an equal amount of avocado for sour cream or mayonnaise when making a salad dressing. For example, if the recipe calls for 8 oz (230 g) of sour cream, use 8 oz (230 g) of mashed avocado instead. Use avocado as a base for pudding when you have a sweet tooth. Pudding recipes often call for whole milk and eggs which contain lots of saturated fat and cholesterol. Instead, use a fork or food processor to mix 1 whole mashed avocado with 0.5 to 1 oz (14 to 28 g) of sugar or honey, 1 to 2 oz (28 to 57 g) of cocoa powder, and 0.5  fl oz (15 mL) of vanilla for a quick and easy chocolate pudding. You can add in other flavors and thickeners if you like, such as 1  fl oz (30 mL) of coconut cream, a dash of cinnamon, a pinch of salt, or ¼ of a mashed banana. Coat noodles in avocado instead of pesto or cream-based sauces. Pestos and Alfredo sauces are high in fat, and it is often saturated fat. Try swapping your pesto or cream sauce for 2 mashed avocados. Mix the avocados in with 1 16 oz (450 g) box of cooked pasta. Add 0.5 oz (14 g) of fresh basil and a salt and pepper to taste. You can also season your avocado pasta sauce with the juice of 1 lime or lemon, 1 teaspoon of crushed red pepper flakes, and 0.25 oz (7.1 g) of cumin or chili powder for a spicy avocado pasta sauce. Replace mayonnaise with avocado to cut cholesterol and saturated fat. Mayonnaise is high in saturated fat and cholesterol, so swap it for avocado. You can spread avocado on sandwiches or use an equal amount of avocado in place of mayo in recipes. For example, instead of spreading mayo on your bread for a turkey sandwich, spread on ¼ of a mashed avocado. Instead of adding 4 oz (110 g) of mayo to a casserole recipe, use 4 oz (110 g) of mashed avocado. Toss chunks of avocado onto a salad for a quick way to use it. An easy way to get more avocado into your meals is to toss a few chunks into your salad. Cut ¼ to ½ of an avocado into 0.5 in (1.3 cm) chunks and add them to your salad just before you eat it. Avocado works especially well in Southwest salads. Top lettuce with ½ a cup of black beans, 4 oz (110 g) of salsa, 4 oz (110 g) of corn, and 4 oz (110 g) of avocado chunks. Add hot sauce to taste and enjoy! Add a few slices of avocado to a sandwich or burger instead of cheese. To cut down on the saturated fats in your sandwiches and burgers, replace the cheese with avocado. Cut ¼ to 1/2 of an avocado into slices and layer them on your sandwich or burger just before you eat it. For example, you could have a grilled avocado sandwich instead of a grilled cheese, enjoy a tuna sub with avocado instead of Swiss cheese, or have a turkey burger with a few slices of avocado instead of a piece of cheddar cheese. Mix avocado into your hummus for a savory dip. Avocado adds richness to hummus that will keep you feeling full for longer. Try mixing ½ to 1 whole avocado into a batch of hummus for a simple, satisfying dip to enjoy with fresh cut veggies. You can make an easy avocado hummus dip with 1 can of drained and rinsed chickpeas, the juice of ½ of a lemon, 0.25 oz (7.1 g) of salt, and ½ of an avocado. Put all of the ingredients into a food processor and blend until the ingredients are smooth and well combined. Blend half of an avocado into a smoothie for a rich taste. Avocado has a mild flavor that will take a back seat to most other ingredients you add to a smoothie. Try adding ¼ to ½ of an avocado to a smoothie recipe for an easy, delicious way to enjoy avocados. For example, you could blend ½ of an avocado with 4  fl oz (120 mL) of almond milk, 1 banana, and 8 oz (230 g) of frozen blueberries. 
Talk to your guidance counselor or principal. Graduating early is a big, important decision. Be sure to talk with your guidance counselor or principal to make sure graduating early is right for you. If you don't see or meet with your guidance counselor or principal on a regular basis, request an appointment with one of them at the main office. To begin the conversation, explain why you'd like to graduate early and what your plans are once you do. Next, ask for their thoughts and ideas. Determine what classes you still need. If your guidance counselor or principal is agreeable to you graduating early, ask about what classes you still need to take in order to graduate. You can also ask for advice on how to get those classes finished within your designated time frame. Many students who have taken advanced courses throughout middle school are able to graduate after two years of high school. Students who take advanced courses for three years of high school can often skip their last year. Find out if you need a certain number of credits. Your eligibility to graduate early will depend on your school and local district rules. For example, some schools require a certain number of credits for graduation. Ask your guidance counselor if this is true for your district, and if so, find out how many credits you will need to graduate. Determine if you’ll need to pass an exam to graduate. Some schools may require you to pass a graduation test. Additionally, you may not be eligible to take the exam until you've had at least two years of high school. Ask your guidance counselor if your school or district requires that you take an exam, and find out what the prerequisites for taking the exam are. Each school has its own policies and procedures for graduating early. Check with your parents. Before you make a definite decision about graduating early, be sure to talk with your parents or guardians. In order to graduate early, you might need to attend online courses, start a homeschooling program, or enroll at a community college. These options can be difficult for some families to accommodate, so be sure to ask your parents or guardians for their help with planning. You may also need a signature from a parent or guardian showing consent for early graduation from your high school or for enrollment into accelerated graduation programs. Get a few copies of your transcripts. To qualify for accelerated graduation programs outside of your high school, you will likely be asked by admissions teams to provide student records for their review. You will also need to send transcript copies with college applications. Make sure you ask your high school to provide you with 3 or 4 copies of your transcripts. Ask your teachers for letters of recommendation. To gain acceptance into accelerated graduation programs (and also college), many admissions teams require letters of recommendation from your teachers, mentors, or coaches. Be sure to ask for these before you leave your current high school. You'll want to ask teachers, mentors, and coaches who know you well and will be able to vouch for your personal character, as well as your aptitude and performance level. Try to get 3 or 4 letters of recommendation and make sure those who give them to you are not related to you or each other. Analyze your work and extracurricular activity schedule. Graduating early will likely require a major increase in your study and homework load. This means that you may not have as much time for work or extracurricular activities as you did in regular high school. Be sure that less work and play fits into your financial, recreation, and social goals. If you plan to get into college with a scholarship for sports or a high school club activity (like science club), be sure that you'll still be eligible with early graduation and have time to qualify or participate with an increased study and homework schedule. Visit local community colleges. Community colleges are local and provide a great stepping stone between high school and university. Many community colleges offer early graduation programs in addition to college courses that will count as both high school and college credit. Although earning college credit may not be something that helps you graduate high school early, it will allow you to graduate college early or make it easier to graduate as a double major. Proving your aptitude at a community college while still in high school may increase your chances of getting accepted to a higher ranked university. If commuting to a community college is difficult for you or your family, many community colleges offer online classes. Sign up for summer courses at your high school. Summer is a great time to take extra classes if your high school offers summer school programs. By enrolling in summer school for two or three summers in a row, you are likely to accumulate enough credits to graduate high school up to a year ahead of schedule. Look into community elective courses. Some communities offer public classes on nights, weekends, and during the summer that might fulfill your high school electives needed for graduation. Be sure to check that your high school will recognize these classes for graduation before you sign up. Enquire at your local library, community center, or town hall to find out if there are community classes available. Enroll in online high school. Attending traditional high school takes up a lot of time that isn't necessarily used for actual class time. For example, it takes time to switch classes, eat lunch, attend school assemblies, and work around so many other students. Attending an online high school may allow you to get more coursework done in the same amount of time you spend at regular school. You can find online high schools through an internet search. There are some online schools that allow you to attend right from your personal computer and others require you to show up at an actual building where internet access is provided. Research homeschooling programs so you can work at your own pace. If you learn better in a secluded setting, homeschooling is another option that might help you graduate early. You can do homeschooling all through high school, or switch to homeschooling to speed up your graduation. The advantage of homeschooling is that you can learn at your own pace using your own personal learning style. However, you do need a parent, guardian, or supervisor to help manage your work and do the grading. Homeschooling can be expensive because you have to buy all the learning materials and pay for testing at independent centers to receive accredited graduation certificates. If your parents don't have time to help homeschool you, search online for local homeschooling groups that may allow you to join them. Take your GED. The GED is the equivalent of your high school diploma. All you need to do to obtain it is pass the test, which does require a fair bit of studying. GED study classes (both online and in person) are widely available, but they should not be taken in lieu of actual high school classes (if possible) because you could miss out on important college prep. Getting your GED is a way to have the equivalent of a high school diploma, but the test is usually much harder than high school exams. If your plan is to attend university, check admissions guidelines. Some universities do not accept GEDs without a circumstantial explanation. Make sure your high school credits translate into a high school diploma. Before you enroll in an early graduation program, be sure that the courses you are taking will result in an accredited high school diploma. If you're unsure, simply ask the program's enrollment staff. Without an accredited high school diploma, you won't be considered a high school graduate. Don’t miss out on college entrance exams. Many high schools offer college entrance exams like the SATs and the ACTs at specific times throughout the school year. They also offer important prep courses for the test. If you plan to attend university, you will need to take these tests regardless of your early graduation status. Make sure you stay up to date on when these tests are offered. Graduating early does not necessarily improve your chances of getting into college so don't skip the college entrance exams. Make financial arrangements. Graduating early can be expensive if you enroll in early graduation programs that are independent of your high school. Not only do the programs cost money, but learning materials (like textbooks) and transportation (like a school bus) are not usually included. Make a list of expenses. Talk to your parents to see if they can help you with finances. Search online for local scholarships you might be able to apply for. Check your eligibility for student loans. Inquire with prospective colleges. Some colleges have extra application guidelines they require prospective students to meet in order to be considered for admission. Check with the colleges you are interested in to be sure that you meet all of their early graduate criteria. 
Give yourself plenty of time. Start thinking of what to preach about as soon as possible. Give yourself at least one week, if not longer. When possible, it's actually wiser to start searching and planning a couple of weeks in advance. It can take a while before the right passage reveals itself, and even longer to prepare the right sermon around that passage. The words you preach need to be the result of thought and discernment, and not an emotional reaction. Pray and meditate. Ask God for guidance. Since you'll be preaching God's truth, you should wait for God to reveal the truth He wants you to preach on. Make a conscious effort to be in communion with God as you attempt to discern the right topic. Take a walk in the park as you pray. Meditate as you shower. Spend a few minutes thinking about it in the quiet morning hours. Either a specific passage or a specific topic will come to mind. Both options can be useful as long as you keep the message centered around the Scriptures. Look for passages addressing your topic. If a topic comes to mind before an actual verse does, start looking for passages that directly talk about that topic. Comb through several different options until you find one that jumps out at you. If a passage jumps out at you before a topic does, apply this step in reverse. Comb through the passage looking for its meaning. Once you latch onto the theme of the passage, consider looking up short supporting passages to note along with it. Start over when needed. Don't be discouraged if you hit a dead end while pursuing one possible subject for your sermon. There are times when you may need to start the process over from scratch. Doing so might seem inconvenient, but it is a better option than forcing a message you can't wrap your thoughts around. Pray for insight. Once you know what to talk about, pray for insight on what you should be saying about it. You should be in communication with God throughout the entire process of preaching, including each preparatory step. Focus on the Word. The message of your sermon should be centered around the Bible. Start from the passage or passages you've been led to and build the rest of your sermon up from there. The message you preach should build upon biblical truth, not the other way around. In other words, you shouldn't plan out the message you want to deliver and twist scripture around in a way that fits your ideas. Your ideas need to work around the scriptural truth that already exists. Research the passage. Study the passage thoroughly to improve your own understanding. Consider its meaning within scriptural, historical, and cultural contexts. Look at the verses around the passage. Make sure you know and understand its immediate context so that you don't misinterpret the meaning. Do a little external research, too, especially if the passage describes a custom or idea that is foreign to contemporary ways of thinking. Determine its significance. All of God's Word is significant, but you should be asking yourself why this particular passage is so important and why God wants you to preach on it. Figure out the theme of the passage. Ask yourself what it says about God and why people need to listen. Note that some of this might be answered as you go through the process of selecting the passage, especially if you found the passage by searching the Bible for a specific topic. Let yourself be surprised. Don't assume that you already know everything there is to know about the passage you're working with. Let yourself be surprised by truths and perspectives hidden beneath the surface. When dealing with a passage you're already familiar with, it can be easy to fixate on the safe, common meaning you already know. Don't settle for seeing only what you expect to see, though. On the other hand, you also shouldn't look for a hidden meaning that may not be there. Don't twist the text around for the sake of finding something shocking or new; simply accept any surprise insights that naturally arise. Prepare the text of your sermon beforehand. You can write out the entire sermon or simply settle for an outlined version, but either way, you should prepare a written plan that you can use when you're actually preaching. Having a prepared text will usually keep you more centered when you actually start preaching. Unless you're remarkably fluent in the subject matter, impromptu preaching tends to be more disorganized and less insightful. You can write the entire sermon word-for-word, use shortened notes, or use an outline. Outlines are generally preferred since they make it easier to look out into the congregation as you preach and limit the temptation to stare at your notes the entire time. Offer context. Some passages may seem self-explanatory, but oftentimes, those passages make more sense within a broader context. Include any scriptural or historical information needed to really bring the text into focus. Think back to the research you did while trying to understand the passage. Information that granted you new understanding should be included in your sermon. Don't get too carried away, of course. You still need to focus your sermon on the Word itself. Supporting details should be used to increase the listener's understanding of the passage and should not steal the show. Apply the message. You need to illustrate how the text applies to real life in the contemporary world. Give your listeners information they feel can be useful to them as they navigate through the trials and temptations of the everyday. Start with the end in mind. As you organize your sermon, think about what your listeners need to learn from it and structure the flow of the sermon so that it builds up to that. Directly relate the message to some real-life scenario, and try to choose a fairly common scenario that will appeal to as many different people as possible. By illustrating one possible application of the message, you can help your listeners understand how to apply the message to their own lives. In applying the message, you should also end up challenging the listener. Your sermon should give your listeners something to think on and prod them into doing some type of positive action that is consistent with biblical truth. Practice. Practice preaching the sermon aloud beforehand. During your practice, you should also time yourself and edit your sermon appropriately. As a general rule, aim for a sermon roughly 25 to 30 minutes long. A sermon that's meaningful but a little on the short side is usually more effective than a long, rambling sermon. Practicing your sermon can also help you determine the most effective way to preach it. The more familiar you become with it, the easier it will be to add pauses and stresses in all the right places. Pray before you start. Before standing up and preaching to the people, you should spend a few quiet minutes praying for guidance, clarity, and wisdom. Even if the text you've written has been prayerfully crafted and practiced, you still need to pray for the ability to deliver it well. You should also pray for the hearts and minds of your listeners to remain open to the message. Speak in layman's terms. Avoid using academic jargon or other phrasings that some of the congregation won't understand. Speak in simple, conversational terms so that the message will be accessible to everyone who hears it. This doesn't mean that you should water down or simplify the message. The truth you preach should be deep and meaningful, but the words you use to preach it must be understandable to the majority of your audience if you want them to make an impact. Be approachable. Your body language should be engaging. As a general rule, try to appear confident and friendly instead of looking stiff, nervous, or overly-stern. Even if you don't feel confident, you should try to look it. Avoid nervous ticks, the frequent use of nonsense words like “uh” and “um,” and other signs of anxiety. If you don't look confident, the message of your sermon might lose credibility. Your manner of speech, movements, and expressions should match with your words. Behave seriously when talking about something serious, but relax when talking about something lighthearted. Stick to the point. There might be times when the Holy Spirit legitimately takes you in an unexpected direction, but for the most part, you should stick to the text and points you prepared beforehand. Losing focus in the middle of a sermon can cause it to drag on and seem aimless. When a sermon drifts off course, you may end up losing a good portion of your listeners. At that point, it can be easy to start talking more in an effort to bring them, but additional rambling will usually hurt your cause more than help it. A better option would be to simply remain more concise from that point on. Use humor and creative tricks carefully. The use of humor and creative illustrations can help a sermon when applied in a supportive nature, but if you rely on these tactics too much, they can actually weaken the overall message. Any humor you use should be relevant to the overall message. It might be used to grab the listener's attention or illustrate a point. It can even be used to relieve tension. You should not , on the other hand, use humor to win approval. It won't do anybody any good if the congregation remembers your joke but forgets the message. Learn and improve. After you finish preaching, evaluate how effective you were. Ask for feedback from those who listened to you. Figure out what you did well and where you can improve, then adjust your technique accordingly the next time you preach. Go to other members of your pastoral team or trusted members of the congregation for constructive critiques. Consider asking someone to record you as you preach, then watch the tape shortly after church ends that same day. You'll probably be able to learn a lot just by watching yourself. Accept the fact that you aren't perfect. There will always be room for improvement, especially when you don't have much prior preaching experience. 
Purchase the slab from a store if you want to minimize your work. You can find pre-cut and pre-dried slabs in lumber stores and stores that specialize in woodworking supplies. Online stores are a great place to purchase unique slabs made from rare varieties of wood as well. Look for slabs that are at least 2 inches (5.1 cm) thick. You can cut the slab from a piece of felled lumber, or have a lumber mill do it for you. Choose wood that was felled during the summer. It will be easier to remove the bark later on. Knots, burls, and limbs often reveal surprising patterns and textures. Take these into consideration when picking your slab. Wait 1 to 2 weeks for store-bought slabs to acclimate. If you choose to buy a slab from the store, you need to wait 1 to 2 weeks before you use this. This will give the wood enough time to adjust to the humidity of your home. If you cut the slab yourself, or had a saw mill do it for you, air-dry or kiln-dry the slab first. Cut the slab down to the right length, if needed. Secure the slab to your workbench with hand screws. Add a MDF (medium density fiberboard) strip if you need a straightening guide. Cut the slab to the length you need with a 7 1/4-inch (18-cm) circular saw. Remove the bark in sections with a rounded chisel. Even though bark can look beautiful, it is difficult to maintain and keep clean. In some cases, it can fall off and make a mess on the floor. Wedge a rounded chisel under the bark, then use it to peel the bark off in 6 to 8-inch (15 to 20-cm) sections. Work your way along the edge of the slab. If you work across it, you may gouge the surface and leave marks. Scrape the fibers off with a nylon or wire brush. Sand the edge with a rotary tool and a sanding flap wheel. A rotary tool comes with many different attachments. Get the attachment that looks like a bunch of pieces of sandpaper bound together to form a wheel. Start with a 120-grit wheel, then work your way up to 180- and 220-grit. You are only sanding the edge that had the bark on it for now. The flaps typically only have sandpaper on 1 side. Make sure that you are moving your rotary tool with these flaps facing forward. Don't move the tool back-and-forth. How much you sand the edge is up to you. Lots of woods often have worm holes under the bark. You can sand these off or leave them on for a cool effect. Sand the sharp edges on the ends of the slab, if needed. Live edge slabs usually have bark on 2 sides; the other 2 sides are sometimes jagged from where they were cut. If this is the case with your slab, sand the roughness away with 120-grit sandpaper. Work your way to 150-, 180-, 220-, and 320-grit. If you have a round slab, or a slab with bark on all 4 sides, you can skip this step. Decide how much you want to flatten and smooth the surface. A slab with an uneven face (top surface) would work great for a rustic side table. A slab that is going to be used as a writing desk will need a smoother finish and perfectly-flat face. You don't need to finish sanding both the top and bottom faces. Flatten the face with a plunge router to your desired smoothness. Build a jig to fit your slab first. Use a power sander with a 60- or 80-grit to smooth the face down. Keep sanding until you get marks, but don't sand it smooth yet. You can flatten the bottom of the slab too for a nicer finish. Stabilize any splits in the face with butterfly keys. Trace the keys onto the wood with a marking knife. Lift them away, then carve the shapes out with a chisel. Glue the keys into the holes with clear 2-part epoxy. Let the epoxy cure, trim the keys until they are flush with the face, then sand them smooth. Butterfly keys are blocks of wood shaped like bowties. Use a block plane or a powder sander to trim the keys. Use a sanding block or sandpaper to sand the eyes. If there is a split in the underside of the slab, you should install butterfly keys too. Clean out any loose bark trapped within the wood. Sometimes, small pieces of bark will get trapped within the wood as the tree grows. You should scrape these inclusions out. You can leave resulting voids hollow for a rustic finish, or you can fill them in with a clear or tinted epoxy; do not use an opaque epoxy, however, or it won't look natural. You are doing this after you sand the faces because some pieces of trapped bark may not get revealed until after you sand them. Check the slab for voids, then tape off the sides, if needed. Voids are holes in the surface of the wood. If they are in the middle of the wood, you don't need to tape off anything. If the holes extend to the edges of the slab, however, you need to cover the edge in that area with masking tape. The tape will act like a dam and prevent the epoxy from leaking out. You can also use plumber's putty for this, but it can be difficult to remove--a quick blast from an air compressor hose ought to do the trick, however. If you choose to leave the voids hollow for a rustic look, skip past this entire section. Prepare a 2-part clear epoxy. How you prepare it depends on the brand that you are using. In most cases, you will need to mix equal amounts of Parts A and B, then mix them in a disposable cup. If you want to, you can tint the epoxy using a clear resin dye. Test your epoxy on the voids on the underside of the slab. If you plan on tinting the epoxy, coat the wood with shellac first. This will prevent the epoxy from soaking into the wood and forming a "halo" of color. Pour the epoxy into the voids. You want to work quickly, but you also want to pour slowly. Don't leave the epoxy sitting on the table. As soon as you have it mixed together, pick the cup up and slowly pour it into the voids. You want to pour slowly because if you pour too fast, you may get bubbles. If you have a lot of voids, it's best to work in small batches, otherwise the epoxy will cure before you finish. Use enough epoxy so that it is level with the surface of the wood. Allow the epoxy to cure, then remove the tape. How long this takes depends on what brand you are using. Some types of epoxy cure within minutes, while others can take an hour or so. Once the epoxy has cured, you can remove the masking tape or plumber's putty. Use a card scrapper to remove excess epoxy. Sometimes, a small amount of will still leak out from under the tape or putty dam. If that happened, simply use a card scrapper to pick it off. Sand the surface until you get the smoothness you want. Start with 80-grit sandpaper, then work your way up to 220-grit. How much you sand is really up to you; the more you sand, the smoother the finish will be. Vacuum your workspace to get rid of any dust. This is very important, as any dust left behind from sanding can get trapped in your finish. This can lead to a messy, unprofessional finish. Seal the surface with polyurethane if you want to keep things simple. Apply a coat of polyurethane coating with a sponge brush. Wait for the coat to dry, then sand it with 500-grit sandpaper. Do this 2 more times, then wipe the surface down with mineral spirits. Wet-sand the surface with a 2000-grit sanding pad. Wipe the residue off, then allow it to dry overnight. Use shellac and lacquer for a natural, glossy finish. Apply 1 coat of shellac, then let it dry. Sand it with 400-grit sandpaper. Repeat this 2 more times for a total of 3 coats. Allow the shellac to dry completely. Finish off with a spray of lacquer for extra-durability. Apply wood oil, butter, and wax if you want bring out the natural grain. Rub 1 coat of wood oil into the wood with a cotton rag. Let it dry, then wipe the rest off. Do this 1 to 2 more times. Follow up with 2 coats of wood butter using the same technique. Finish off with 1 coat of wood wax. Let it set, then buff the excess off. Let it cure overnight before applying a second coat. Allow the wax to cure for 3 days, then buff it. Allow the finish to cure before you use the slab. How long the slab needs to cure for depends on what type of finish you used. Some finishes need only a few hours to cure while others need a couple of days. Check the instructions on the label of the jar or bottle. Once the finish has cured, you can turn your slab into a bench, table, headboard, etc. 
Purchase bird seed. There are a wide variety of commercial bird seed mixes that are designed for finches. It is important to get a mix that is made specifically for finches, as other mixes contain seeds that are too big for a finch to eat. Seeds that finches typically like include millet, canary grass seed, and thistle. In order to minimize seed waste, figure out what type of seeds your finches prefer and create your own mix of those specific seeds. If you only give your birds the seeds they will eat, you will throw out fewer seeds when you clean the bird's food holders and replace the bird's food every day. Consider feeding your finches pellets. In order to give your finches more complete nutrition, some finch owners choose to transition their birds onto pellets. These pellets are created to provide for all of a finches nutritional needs, whereas a diet of seeds requires that you supplement quite a bit with fruits, vegetables, and nutritional supplements. Putting your finches on pellets requires that you transition their diet gradually. Over the course of 4 to 8 weeks you will need to gradually reduce the seeds you offer. Make fresh pellets available in the food bowl at all times. Provide seeds for a limited period of time each day, slowly reducing the amount of seeds offered. If you mix seeds and nuts together, your bird will pick out the seeds but leave the pellets. If you do it too quickly, the finches will not eat the pellets and will begin to suffer from malnutrition. Give the finches fruits and vegetables. Finches can enjoy a wide variety of fruits and vegetables. These give the bird's diet variety and they provide vitamins and minerals that seeds cannot. Some fruits and vegetables to cut into 1/2 inch (1.27 centimeter) pieces and offer to your finches include: Apple Beets Broccoli Carrot Dandelion greens Mango Parsley Sweet potato Zucchini Feed live foods to certain finch species. There are certain types of finches that need to eat insects when they are breeding and they like them as a snack at other times. These include waxbill finches, owl finches, and Lady Gouldian finches. The insects that are best to feed insect-eating finches include: Mealworms Wax worms Crickets Silkworms White worms Feed your finch a wide variety of foods. In order to give finches a balanced diet, they should be fed a combination of seeds, pellets, vegetables, and fruits. This will help them to get all the nutrition they need. It is imperative that you remember that a balanced diet includes a bit of all of these components. Give your finches the right amount of food. Each finch should be fed about 1.5 to 2 teaspoons of seed every day. In addition to this seed, you should make fruits and vegetables about twenty to twenty-five percent of their diet. If your finches are eating too much seed, offer less of it. If you give them more vegetables and less seeds, they will make up the difference with the vegetables. Clean empty hulls out of the food dish. Finches tend to eat whatever is on the top of their food dish. If the top of it is covered in empty hulls, then the finch may not get the nutrition it needs. To avoid this, take the bird's dish out of its cage daily and blow the empty hulls off the top. Cleaning empty hulls out of the food dish daily will also help to keep the bottom of the cage cleaner. Provide supplements. In addition to a varied diet of seeds, pellets, and fruits and vegetables, your finches may require supplements. Many finch owners provide their birds with calcium supplements in the form of cuttlebones or mineral blocks. Discuss the need for supplements with your veterinarian. Purchase wild bird food. In order to feed wild finches, you will need to purchase bird food that they like. Finches are small birds, so they tend to like small bird food, such as sunflower hearts and thistle. Buy a product that says it is for feeding small birds or that says it is explicitly for finches. Buy a bird feeder. The type of bird feeder you get will depend on the type of food you are feeding the finches. If you have bought a small bird mix, you can typically use a traditional bird feeder that supplied food at its base. If you are feeding the finches strictly thistle, you should get a tube feeder that the birds can cling to and can eat all over. You can also choose to make your own bird feeder out of common household supplies, such as a plastic bottle or a tin can. Place the filled bird feeder in a safe location. When placing your feeder you should think about the safety of birds feeding at it. Keep it away from areas that predators, such as cats, frequent and away from bushes and trees they could stalk birds from. Also keep feeders away from windows, as feeding finches can easily smack into windows while flying in to feed. Clean the feeder on a regular basis. Once you have hung the bird feeder outside and the birds have been eating out of it for a while, you should take the time to clean it out. Making sure that your feeder is clean will assure that you don't give wild finches any spoiled food and that they continue to be attracted to your feeder. If your bird feeder becomes empty, clean it out before refilling it. Remove any spoiled food or dirt and grime and scrub it with soap and water. Make sure to dry it completely before filling it again. 
Journal the dream. Write down all the details. This may be difficult at first, but the more you practice remembering your dreams, the easier it will be to recall details. Any aspect that you remember about the place, people, or objects around might be important. If a particular detail is of importance, God will make it very noticeable to you. Symbols such as numbers, direction, colors, and animals, may all be of importance. The symbols in a dream can be negative or positive. You have to depend on the Holy spirit to reveal what the symbols reveal in your dream (negative or positive). Evaluate the emotions you felt. A dream may have been alarming, sad, or exciting, but usually there is an overall emotional response that you feel towards a remembered dream. Write down these emotional responses where they occurred in the sequence of the dream. Write down your feeling towards objects and people. If a certain object made you afraid or if you felt drawn to a figure, make sure to mention it in your recounting of the dream. Ask yourself when the dream occurs. Dreams can consist of memories, current life events, or things that are yet to come. If you are younger and surrounded with people you used to know, the dream is probably in the past. If you are unsure where you are or who is around you, you may be dreaming about a time in the future. God may give you a dream about an incident that happened in the past that's hidden in your heart and that creates pain in your life so that you can then pray for healing. Determine if the dream is about you or somebody else. Pay attention to your perspective and interactions in the dream. If you did not speak or interact with those around you, maybe you were just observing or witnessing the events, and they do not directly involve you. It may be more of a vision to warn you of some possible occurrence. If you feel yourself as the central figure in the dream, then it is most likely the dream is meant to influence you or your life. Note the colors of objects in your dreams. Different colors represent different characteristics of symbols. Colors are commonly associated with their religious significance. For example, blue is the color associated with the Virgin Mary, as she is often depicted in a blue dress. It symbolizes grace and good health. Pay attention to animals. Animal symbols can sometimes be tricky, as they can have positive and negative significance in the bible. For example, the Lion of Judah can symbolize Jesus. However, the devil is depicted as prowling like a roaring lion in the bible as well. Cats can symbolize evil spirits, or they can be seen as comforting. Dogs can also have positive or negative meanings. They can be man's best friend, or symbolic of unbelievers. Look for significant numbers. The numbers may appear in a written form, but very likely the numbers will appear as a particular number of objects. For example, the bible recounts the dream had by Pharaoh, which was interpreted by Joseph. In the dream, Pharaoh sees seven skinny cows eating seven large cows. Joseph interprets the dream as predicting seven years of plenty, followed by seven years of famine. Try to understand the context. For example, if you see five golden rings it can be seen as 5 days, weeks, months or years if you see it in a context of time. Five can also be a representation of the five evil kings of Israel. If you have lost five family members that are close to you, it might be a symbol that they are in heaven. You have to look at the number in the context of the rest of the dream to uncover the true meaning. Focus on objects of religious importance. There are many items that may seem ordinary but can hold significance when interpreting your dreams. Most obvious among these might be objects like a cross, bread and wine, or a burning bush. Other objects may be less obvious symbolic but still significant. Some examples could be as ordinary as an apple, coins, or candles. If you notice an ordinary object that seems important in the dream, it may be a symbol. Don't use a standard dream symbol dictionary. To analyze the importance of objects or symbols in your dreams, you should look how they relate to the scripture. For example, standard dream dictionaries may also interpret a goat as symbolic of prosperity, while from a religious perspective a goat is most often associated with oppressors and unrepentant sinners. Evaluate each symbol. Consider possible meanings of each symbol, particularly how they may relate to your situation in life. If you have a religious dream, it is likely that God has made the dream so that it will speak to you. If you examine the symbols enough you will likely find the hidden meaning that feels right and significant to you. Decide if the dream is literal or symbolic. If you dream that somebody is going to die, it may be a literal meaning, or it could be symbolic. If someone has died in a dream it could be symbolic of cutting ties with that person or situation. Many common religious symbols have recurred in dreams for different people. Serpents or snakes representing an evil. Nakedness representing closeness with God. Houses and their state of disrepair or beauty can symbolize the state of your spirit. These symbols are all common among dreams with religious implications. Ask yourself what emotions you have experienced or issues you were processing the day before the dream. Consider if there are any aspects of your life in which you feel the same emotions that you experienced in the dream. If you are under a lot of stress or extremely busy, your dream may just be your mind's way of processing the day while you sleep. Sometimes you may even have a dream that seems religious, but doesn't feel like a divine message. If it doesn't seem significant or important, it may not be worth stressing out over the interpretation. Pray about the dream. If the dream seems like a very important message or warning, then look deeper and ask God what he is trying to teach you. Sometimes a religious dream may be a challenge from God to make you seek some important truth. Don't ignore a dream just because it seems difficult to understand. Seek out the answer from God and in the bible. Ask yourself if this is an answer to a question that you have asked God. God can give you answers through a dream. 
Trim the fat off the meat. Use a sharp paring knife to carefully trim any of the white fat or tendons from the red steak. Fat will make your jerky overly chewy and will cause the jerky to spoil faster. Remove as much of the fat as you can before moving onto the next step. Place the meat in a freezer for two hours. Wrap the meat in plastic wrap first, then place it in your freezer. A partially frozen steak will be easier to cut than a non-frozen steak. Cut the meat into 1⁄8 to 1⁄4 inch-thick (0.32 to 0.64 cm) strips. Lay the meat out on a cutting board and start to cut thin strips of meat from the steak with a chef's knife. Each slice of meat should be anywhere from 4 to 6 inches (10 to 15 cm) long. Continue cutting the strips until you've cut the entire steak into pieces. Cut against the grain for a more traditional chewy texture or with the grain for a more sinewy texture. Try to slice the meat so each piece is a uniform size. Pour the liquid ingredients to a cooking dish. Pour the half cup (118.3 ml) of soy sauce and the ¼ cup (59.1 ml) of sesame oil into a cooking dish or a large bowl. Mix the liquids together until they are well incorporated. Add the dry ingredients to the mixture. Use a measuring spoon to add 1/4 cup (1 g) of brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons (6.3 g) of powdered ginger, 2 tablespoons (25 g) of sesame seeds, and 2 teaspoons (8.4 g) of ground pepper to the mixture. Use a spoon or a fork to mix all of the ingredients together until they are well incorporated. Place the strips of meat into your marinade and cover it. Place the beef into the marinade and mix the pieces around so that they get covered in the mixture. Cover the top of the cooking dish with plastic wrap or an airtight lid. Place the steak in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours. As the meat sits in the refrigerator, it will start to soak up the marinade and impart the flavors from the spices and soy sauce mixture into your jerky. The longer that you soak the meat in the marinade, the more flavorful your jerky will be. If you're in a rush, you can leave the meat soaking in the marinade for three hours. Remove the meat from the marinade and dry it off with paper towels. Remove the bowl or the cooking dish from the refrigerator and lay the slices of meat onto a paper towel. Use more paper towels to blot over the surface of the meat and remove as much moisture as you can. Leave the meat out for an hour so it can warm up to room temperature. Place the beef onto a cooking sheet lined in tin foil. The cooking sheet will be what your jerky cooks on. Do not let the jerky overlap or it won't cook evenly. Preheat your oven to 145–175 °F (63–79 °C). If your oven doesn't go that low in temperature, set it to as low as your oven will go. You'll have to cook the steak at a low temperature over a long period of time so that it dries out and becomes jerky. Put the beef into the oven and cook it for 3-8 hours. Check the jerky after three hours have passed. If it's to your liking you can remove it and store it in ziplock bags. Otherwise, let the jerky continue cooking for up to 8 hours, or until it's the consistency that you want. Thicker pieces of jerky will take longer to cook. The longer that you keep the jerky in the oven, the drier it will become. Finished.  
Yell or clap your hands near the owl if you see it. Owls typically try to avoid human contact and noises. If you see an owl lurking around your property, be as loud as you can to chase it off. Sometimes simply increasing human activity in an area, like setting up and using a fire pit and chairs in your yard, can deter an owl from trying to hunt near your home. The only type of owl known to attack people is the great horned owl, and it only does this if its nest and young are threatened. Great horned owl nests are typically only found high in trees of a forest habitat. Avoid going near a great horned owl nest, or take precautions like wearing a helmet or using an umbrella if you must walk near one. Create a noise device with aluminum cans or wood. Owls generally don't like loud noises while they are hunting. Try tying up aluminum cans close together on a string and hanging them from your chicken coop or porch to keep an owl away. Or construct a wooden clapper by hinging together 2 pieces of wood about 2 ft (0.61 m) in length that will make a loud noise when clapped together. Use the wooden clapper manually to make a loud banging noise if you see an owl in your yard. Owls may become used to some noises, so always using the same noise can be less effective over time. Try to use various noise methods for the best results. Fire off a firecracker or gun with blanks near, not at, the owl. A very loud noise that's sure to scare off an owl is a firecracker or gun. It is illegal to kill an owl in the U.S., so be sure to keep the pyrotechnic device or gunshot a safe distance of 50–100 yd (46–91 m) away from the owl. Check with local government authorities about pyrotechnic and gun use regulations in your area before using these devices to frighten an owl. Remove perching areas from the vicinity when possible. Owls like to scout their potential prey from the tops of trees and other high structures. When possible, remove trees and other potential perches that are within 100 yd (91 m) of your animals' enclosures or your home. Be sure that the trees or other perches in your area are on your property, and not a neighbor's, before having them removed. If they are on a neighbor's property, discuss your concerns regarding owls in the area and find out if removing perching locations is an option. Place roosting spikes on perching areas. If you're unable to remove a tree or other perching area, try placing large roosting spikes where you have seen owls or other predatory birds hanging out. Roosting spikes can be purchased online and at home improvement stores, and are often called “pigeon spikes” because they are also used to deter pigeons from perching. These spikes can be especially helpful to place near your gutters, as owls will also sometimes use a roof ledge as their place to spy on smaller animals. Because the spikes don't harm birds, and simply prevent them from gathering in a favorite location, they are a favorite legal means of getting wild birds to move to a different location. Call professional wildlife authorities if your barriers do not work. Barriers may not work if an owl has a nest nearby; it will find other places in the vicinity to perch and hunt. If a nearby owl nest is causing you problems, do not attempt to relocate the owls or nest on your own. Owls can become defensive of their nests and attack intruders, causing injuries with their beaks and talons. Professional authorities will provide you with guidance on how to handle problems arising from a nearby owl nest. They will be able to use professional methods to trap and relocate the owl and its nest. Install night lights with strobes near your home or livestock area. Owls are most comfortable hunting in the dark and will try to stay away from well-lit areas. They especially dislike strobe lights; there are owl-specific night lights on the market that emit a red strobe that can be particularly effective. Find bird-deterrent lights online or at a home-improvement store in your area. Install the light near the area you want the owl to avoid, such as a chicken coop or backyard, according to the product instructions. Keep chickens enclosed at night so they cannot see the light; having lights on at night can disrupt their sleep cycles. Use a round mirror to trick the owl into thinking it has competition. Sometimes referred to as a “hawk globe,” there is a round, globe-like mirror available on the market used to deter predatory birds. Place the mirror in the owl's flight path in the areas you want the owl kept away from. Once the owl has seen its reflection in the mirror, it may not return to the area because it thinks it has predatory competition there. You can find globe shaped mirrors online or at home improvement stores in the garden and patio section. Try an owl or hawk decoy. Similar to the idea of the mirror, using a predatory bird decoy may effectively keep owls away. Owls are lone hunters, so they tend to avoid areas that another bird has made into its territory. With this option, you will need to move the decoy around once or twice a week to prevent the owl from figuring out it's not a real bird. Rotate a scarecrow around your yard. Another option is to set up a scarecrow in your yard or livestock area. You will need to move the scarecrow's location and position 2-3 times a week to prevent the owl from realizing it's not a real person. If you don't want to put in the effort of moving a scarecrow around, consider an “electric scarecrow.” This is actually just a high-powered water hose with a movement sensor that blasts water toward an animal. Check to be sure that the water pressure is not lethal to an owl if it gets hit before using this option. Bring pets inside at night. The most effective way to ensure that your dog or cat will not be attacked by a great horned owl is to keep it inside at night. While it's rare that these owls attack household pets, cases of extreme hunger will drive them to do so. Puppies and kittens are at a greater risk because of their size and their lack of experience with predators. Keep young litters inside an enclosed structure at night. Keep chickens or rabbits in an enclosed coop or pen. Chickens and rabbits are often kept in pens to prevent escape and provide protection from weather, but be sure that your enclosure has no gaps larger than 1 in (2.5 cm) that an owl can break into. The most effective pen or coop has a small wooden building structure, with an outdoor area for eating and lounging during the day that's enclosed in 1 in (2.5 cm) poultry wire. Try to bring your animals into their wooden structure each night to prevent them from even being seen by predatory birds. Keep a rooster to protect chickens. If you have chickens, a great way to protect them is by having a rooster nearby. A rooster will defend hens from predators, sometimes putting its own life on the line in the process. An attack from an aggressive rooster will alert an owl that hunting in this chicken coop will not be easy. Roosters are not allowed in some urban areas; check with your city or county animal control office about local regulations regarding roosters. 
Check for hernias that occur around the stomach, abdomen, or chest. A hernia can affect different areas of your body in different ways, although a hernia in or around the stomach area may be the most common type of hernia. These hernias include: Hiatal hernia affects the upper part of your stomach. The hiatus is an opening in the diaphragm that separates the chest area from the abdomen. There are two types of hiatal hernia: sliding or paraesophageal. Hiatal hernias occur in people of both sexes, and are typically more common in people over the age of 50 and those who are obese. Epigastric hernia occurs when small layers of fat push through the belly wall between your breast bone and your navel. You can have more than one of these at a time. Although epigastric hernias often present no symptoms, it may need to be treated with surgery. Incisional hernia happens when improper care after abdominal surgery results in bulging through the surgical scar. Often, mesh lining is incorrectly installed and the intestines slip out of the mesh, causing a hernia. Umbilical hernia are especially common among infants. When the baby cries, a lump around the belly button area usually protrudes. Know the types of hernias that affect the groin area. Hernias can also affect the groin, pelvis, or thighs when the intestines break out of their lining, causing uncomfortable and sometimes painful lumps in these areas. Inguinal hernia affects your groin area, and happens when a portion of the small intestine bulges through the abdominal lining. Surgery is sometimes necessary for inguinal hernias, as complications can cause life-threatening situations. Femoral hernia affects the upper thigh, right below the groin. Although it may present no pain, it looks like a bulge in your upper thigh. Femoral hernias are more common in women than in men. Anal hernia, or rectal prolapse, may cause the entire rectum to extend out of the anus, or may only push a part through. Anal hernias are rare and can affect anyone, but are more likely to be seen in older adults with a history of constipation or weak pelvic floors. They are often confused with hemorrhoids, but they are not the same thing. Understand the other types of hernias. Hernias can affect areas other than the stomach and groin region. In particular, the following hernias may present medical problems for individuals: Herniated discs happen when a disc in your spinal column pops out and begins to pinch a nerve. The disks around the spinal column are shock absorbers, but can be dislodged either by injury or disease, resulting in a herniated disk. Intracranial hernias , or brain herniation, occur inside the head. They happen when brain tissue, fluid, and blood vessels are moved away from their usual position in the skull, often after a head injury, stroke or tumor. Any brain herniation is a medical emergency and needs to be taken care of immediately. Investigate possible symptoms or signs of a hernia. Hernias may be caused by a host of different factors. Once they are formed, they may or may not present pain. Look for these symptoms, especially for hernias located in the abdominal or groin region:  You see swelling where the pain is located. The swelling is usually on the surface of the areas such as the thigh, abdomen or groin. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/54\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet1.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet1.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/5\/54\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet1.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet1.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} The swelling may or may not hurt. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/47\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet2.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/4\/47\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet2.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Bulges, such as those that you find in an inguinal hernia, can often be pushed back into your abdomen when you lie down. Bulges that cannot be pushed in when pressed down on need immediate medical attention. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/2c\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet3.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet3.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/2\/2c\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet3.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet3.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} You may notice pain that ranges from mild discomfort to severe pain. A common symptom of hernias is pain present when straining or doing a strenuous activity. If you experience pain during the following activities, you may have a hernia: {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/f\/f6\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet4.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet4.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/f\/f6\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet4.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet4.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Lift heavy objects. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/f\/fe\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet5.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet5.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/f\/fe\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet5.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet5.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Cough or sneeze. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/a2\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet6.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet6.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/a\/a2\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet6.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet6.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Exercise or exert yourself. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/5a\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet7.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet7.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/5\/5a\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet7.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-4Bullet7.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Hernia pain is often worse at the end of the day, or after long periods of standing. Check with a doctor to confirm a hernia. Some hernias are what doctors called "trapped" or "strangulated," meaning that the organ in question loses blood supply or blocks intestinal flow. These hernias require immediate medical attention. Set up an appointment and meet with a doctor. Make sure to tell the doctor about all your symptoms. Undergo a physical examination. The doctor checks to see if the area increases in size when you're lifting, bending or coughing. Know what puts you at an increased risk for hernias. Why do hernias affect more than 5 million Americans? Hernias can happen for many reasons, including straining on the toilet, chronic constipation, heavy lifting, and smoking. Here are a few more of the factors that put people at an increased risk for hernias:  Genetic predisposition: If any of your parents had hernias, you are more likely to develop one. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/4f\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet1.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet1.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/4\/4f\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet1.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet1.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Age: The older you get, the higher your chance of getting a hernia. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/0\/00\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet2.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/0\/00\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet2.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Pregnancy: While pregnant, the mother's stomach stretches out, making a hernia more likely. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/71\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet3.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet3.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/7\/71\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet3.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet3.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Sudden weight loss: People who suddenly lose weight are at increased risk of developing a hernia. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/75\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet4.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet4.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/7\/75\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet4.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet4.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Obesity: People who are overweight have higher chances of developing hernias compared to those who are not. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/c\/ce\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet5.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet5.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/c\/ce\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet5.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet5.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Persistent cough: Coughing puts a lot of pressure and stress on the abdomen, and can lead to a hernia. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/d\/d9\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet6.jpg\/v4-460px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet6.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/d\/d9\/Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet6.jpg\/aid1325357-v4-728px-Check-for-a-Hernia-Step-6Bullet6.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} 
Determine what you want to write about. Think about the story that only you can write, or that you feel most passionate about. This could be a how to book on urban beekeeping, or a memoir about your complicated family background. The best way to get a good start on writing a book is to choose a story idea that you feel committed to and willing to spend a significant amount of time on. Take out a piece of paper and make a list of things you are knowledgeable about or an idea you feel strongly about and are interested in delving into deeper in long form. You may already have a story idea in mind. If that's the case, consider if the story idea is engaging enough to sustain 80,000 words. Choose your genre. There are many types of writing, from fiction to non-fiction to self-help to memoir. Some writers begin with a story idea or a character first, rather than a genre. But it can help to pick your genre before outlining your story idea. In fact, there are over 70 genres of writing. Your book on urban bee keeping, for example, might fall in the genre of craft and hobby books, while an autobiographical book on your family history could fit in the memoir genre. Read three to four examples that are similar to your story idea. Head to your local library and look for titles that relate to your story idea. Try to pick newer titles so you can see what the market is like for your story idea. This will also factor in later to your book proposal, as your book should be competing against current titles in order to be relevant to the current market. This will show potential publishers that your story idea is in demand and similar current titles are being read and bought. For a book on urban bee keeping, look for titles in the craft and hobby section that discuss bee keeping for the average person living in a city or urban area. For books that relate to your memoir, look in the historical fiction section as well as the memoir section for titles that seem similar to your family background. Analyze the examples. Read through three to five books that relate to your story idea and look closely at several details: What genre does the book fall into, and why? Consider why the publisher decided to place the book in a certain genre or category. You may be surprised, for example, to find a book on urban bee keeping in the Economics section of the library. You may then think about how you can integrate the economical benefits of urban bee keeping into your book. Who is the book's intended audience? Think of the ideal reader for the book, and who the ideal reader might be for your book. For your book on urban bee keeping, this could be young professionals seeking a unique hobby, or older retired folks looking to make some extra money and improve the environment. Is there a positive message, theme, or moral in the book? Morals and themes are more common in fiction books, but non-fiction and self-help books can also carry a positive message. Consider how the message, theme, or moral of your book comes through in the example books. Does the author state the theme upfront or is it woven into the chapters and sections of the book? Is the moral or theme clear in the book, or hard to figure out? How does the writer make the main character interesting and engaging for readers? This is a big concern in fiction books, as the main character or protagonist acts as the driving force in the story. Do you feel the main character is relatable or enjoyable? Did you find yourself getting bored by character cliches or flowery descriptions of character in the book? How does the author balance the main character with supporting characters in the book? Is there an unexpected twist or payoff at the end of the book? This is a key element in fiction books, especially thrillers and mysteries, as well as some self-help books. An unexpected twist or payoff is what keeps readers engaged in the story and motivated to finish the book. Consider how the author builds up tension in each chapter to create suspense. Did the twist seem obvious from the beginning or were you surprised and entertained by the twist as a reader? Determine the setting of the story. Often, when writing fiction or non-fiction, the setting of your story will inform the details of your main character and the genre you are writing for. Think about an area you know well, such as your town or city, or a geographical area you would like to learn more about. You will then need to research certain elements of the setting to ensure it seems believable and clear to your reader. If you are writing historical fiction set in a certain time period, you will need to do some research about that time period. If you are writing dystopian fiction or a folktale, you can use your imagination to create a unique and slightly futuristic or supernatural setting. In fiction, there is no limit to setting. From a spaceship on Mars to a pirate ship in the Caribbean, all these settings can be used for your story. Write a one sentence summary of your book. This sentence will act as your ten-second selling tool for publishers. It should be a statement of the big picture of your book. When you later write a book proposal, this sentence should appear very early in the proposal. Writing a one sentence summary can be difficult, and is almost an artform of its own, so take your time and revise the sentence until it feels right. Go short, no more than 15 words. Avoid character names. Instead, use a short vivid description of your character. Link the big picture and the personal picture in the book. Which character has the most to lose in your story? For example, a one sentence summary of your book on urban bee keeping could be: “An exploration of the economical benefits and the environmental benefits of urban bee keeping for the under 30 hobbyist.” A one sentence summary of your memoir could be: “A young, mixed race woman searches for the mother she never knew and battles her own addictions in British Columbia, Canada.” Come up with a working title. Creating a working title will help you answer the reader's questions about the book and provide a good sense of the book's overall goal or theme. Try to match the title to the tone of the book. For example, a working title for your book on urban bee keeping could be: “Sweetness in the City: A Simple Guide to Urban Bee Keeping”, and a working title for your memoir could be: “Autobiography of a Mixed Child” or simply, “Searching for My Mother.” Create a table of contents for the book. If you are writing non-fiction, your table of contents will help you organize your thoughts and act as a guide to writing the book. Make a bulleted list, with the main topic and then sub topics or headings underneath the main topic. For example, for a book on urban bee keeping, the main topic might be Urban Bee Keeping and the sub topics could be: Origins of Bee Keeping, Development of Bee Keeping, Supplies for Bee Keeping, Hazards of Bee Keeping. You can also use this tactic with fiction books, where the main topic might be My Life Story, and the sub topics could be: My Birth, My Childhood, My Adolescence, My Adulthood. Develop a rough story outline. For fiction books, you should create an outline of your chapters or sections. You may start with three distinct sections, broken down by time periods, or twelve chapters, based on each year of a character's life. Though you may want to simply begin with Chapter 1 and see where your writing takes you, having a rough outline of the chapter breaks or section breaks can help to focus your writing. Start a folder on your Desktop for each part of your book, one for your introduction, another for your index or resource section. For a fiction book, you could start a folder for each chapter of the book, or each section. Create an engaging main character. If you are writing a fiction book, your protagonist, or main character, is going to act as a guide for your reader as they read your story. Your main character should be interesting and endearing enough that your reader cares what happens to her. To develop your main character, write a summary sheet that covers: The character's name. A one-sentence summary of the character's storyline. The character's motivation, or what the character wants in the story in an abstract or big picture way. For example, your character may be looking for redemption and reconciliation with her heritage. The character's goal, or what the character wants in the story in a concrete way. For example, your character may be searching for her missing mother, or a missing family member. The character's conflict, or what prevents the character for reaching her goal. For example, maybe the character is battling addiction and other demons that get in the way of her search. The character's epiphany, or what the character learns or how she changes. For example, a reconciliation with her missing mother and an attempt to get sober. A one-paragraph summary of the character's storyline. This should cover all of the above points in further detail. Dive right into the conflict. Make those first several sentences count. Begin with action, dialogue, or a description that sets the mood of the story. Start as close as possible to the story's catalyst, or the aha moment for the main character. This is the moment where your main character's life shifts from ordinary to extraordinary and the plot of the story takes off. Avoid creating false beginnings, like the character wakes up from a dream or the main character dies in the first chapter. You want to make your reader feel surprised and engaged, rather than cheated or disappointed. Skip the prologue and start right in the action of the first chapter. Most prologues are unnecessary to the main story or act as a way to stall getting into the nitty gritty of the story. Start with a hook paragraph. In non-fiction books, it helps to draw your reader in if start with an attention grabbing first paragraph. Some ideas for generating a hook paragraph include: An interesting or surprising example: This could be a personal experience, such as your childhood memories of urban bee keeping with a family member, or your failed first attempts at bee keeping. A provocative quotation: Look through your research materials for a quotation that sums up your book. For example, a quotation on the environmental benefits of honey bees or on the relationship between a bee keeper and her bees. A vivid anecdote: An anecdote is a very short story that carries moral or symbolic weight. Think of an anecdote that might be a poetic or powerful way to start your book. You can also look through your research for your essay for any note worthy anecdotes. A thought provoking question: This could be a question that will get your reader thinking and engaged in your topic. For example: “Did you ever wonder how honey is made?” Avoid editing your writing until you finish the first three chapters. Focus on getting through the first three chapters, using your rough outline and your one sentence book summary as guides. Avoid stopping to revise or edit your writing, especially in the early stages of drafting. Only move forward in your writing, as this will allow you to work through your ideas. Save editing for further down the road. Note how long it takes you to finish the first three chapters of the book, and use this number (3 months, 2 weeks, 1 year) to gauge how long it will take for you to finish the rest of the book. 
Place a 28 oz. can of whole, peeled tomatoes or 2 lbs. (32 oz.) of fresh diced tomatoes in a large pot. Add 1/4 tsp. (1.25ml) of allspice, 1/4 tsp. (1.25ml) of celery seed and 1/4 tsp. (1.25ml) of chile flakes or cayenne pepper. Mix in 1 cinnamon stick, 3 whole cloves, 1 medium chopped onion, 1 peeled and crushed garlic clove and 1/2 tsp. (2.5ml) of mustard seed. Cook over medium heat and stir occasionally for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour or until the onions are soft.  Remove from heat and allow to cool.  Put the mixture into a blender or food processor. Depending on the size of your blender or food processor, you may have to do this in a few small batches. Blend on high speed for about 1 minute or until pureed.  Strain through a small holed strainer or cheesecloth, squishing well. You may choose to skip this step if you prefer a heartier ketchup with more pulp. Return the strained liquid back to the pot.  Add 1/4 cup (2 oz. ) of brown sugar, 1/2 cup (4 oz.) of white vinegar and 1 1/2 tsp (7.5ml) of salt to your tomato mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it reaches the desired thickness.  Remove from heat and allow to cool.  Transfer to a glass jar or storage container with a lid.  Keep in the refrigerator.  Use within 3 weeks.  Wash the fresh tomatoes. Chop into small pieces. Chop the garlic cloves into small pieces of garlic. Dice the onions finely. Blend or grind the chopped ingredients together in a blender or grinder for 2 to 3 minutes.  Cook the ground ingredients in half a liter of water. Add the sugar, red chillies, salt, black pepper. Cook well. When the sauce reaches a thick consistency, add vinegar, mixed spice and preservative.  Cook for 1 minute, then turn off the stove. Cool it and transfer to sterilized bottles. Your pure and delicious ketchup is obtained. 
Buy a thicker cut of meat. Thicker cuts are easier to cook at home than thinner cuts. If you can't eat a whole thick-cut steak by yourself, divide it up once it's cooked. Also, picking one with a bone adds more flavor to the final dish. Better cuts of ribeye will have fat marbled throughout the steaks in thin ribbons and small dots. Dry off the meat. To sear a steak properly, the outside needs to be dry. Pat it off thoroughly with paper towels. The dry surface will lead to better cooking. In fact, you can salt the steak then leave it uncovered in the fridge overnight, which will slightly dry out the surface. Bring the steak to room temperature. Going from the refrigerator to the pan with a ribeye can lead to uneven cooking, particularly if you have a thick-cut ribeye. It's best to let it come to room temperature, which means leaving it out for at least 30 minutes before cooking. Season your steaks. Once you've got it dried off properly, you can season the steak to your tastes. Many chefs recommend staying simple when it comes to a good cut of meat like a ribeye. Start off with salt and pepper, and go from there. A bit of paprika or garlic powder may be a good addition. After you salt, you should start cooking the steak right away for the best sear. Otherwise, moisture will start to form on the surface. However, you can also salt and leave the steak out for 40 to 50 minutes, so the moisture has time to reabsorb into the steak. Add oil. Even in a cast-iron skillet, which is essentially nonstick, you still need to add a bit of oil to the pan to keep it from sticking. Choose a neutral oil that has a high smoke point, such as canola or refined peanut oil. Rub it into the steak. You can add the oil to skillet instead if you prefer. Heat the pan. A cast-iron skillet is best for this method, as it will help build a crust on the steak. Turn the oven on broil, and place the pan in the oven. Once the oven is hot, give it 15 minutes or so to heat up the pan. After the skillet is heated, take it out, but be ready for the next step. Sear the ribeye. Place the steak in the skillet. Let it sit on one side for 3 minutes, then flip it to the other side for 3 minutes. Be careful of splattering, as it will be very hot. Also, turn it up on its edge with tongs to sear some of the fat there. Cook the ribeye through. Turn the temperature to 500 degrees Fahrenheit (260 degrees Celsius), and place the pan with the steak back in the oven. You'll cook it according to size and your desired doneness. Cook it to 110 degrees Fahrenheit (43 degrees Celsius) for rare or 130 degrees Fahrenheit (54 degrees Celsius) for medium. You can go in between those for other levels of doneness. Use a meat thermometer to check. If you have a 1 1/4-inch steak, you'll cook it 2 to 3 minutes more for rare, 4 to 5 minutes more for medium, and 6 to 7 minutes more for medium well. Let the steak rest. Take the steak out of the oven, and turn off the heat. Take the steak out of the pan, and make a loose foil cover for it. Give the steak about 5 minutes to rest before slicing into it. Place the skillet over high heat. Once you take the skillet out of the oven, you need to keep the heat going. Make sure the burner is hot before you take the skillet out. Set the skillet on the burner to ready it for the steak. Sear the steak. Let it sear for 30 seconds on one side. Flip the steak, and sear it for 30 seconds on the other side. If the steak is especially thick, make sure to turn it on an edge with tongues for 30 seconds, too, so you sear the extra fat there. Finish the steak in the oven. Once you've seared both sides, the steak goes back in the oven. Turn the oven to 500 degrees Fahrenheit (260 degrees Celsius). For a thick steak, you'll need about 2 minutes on each side for medium rare. Cook it for an extra minute on each side of you want medium. You're aiming for 110 degrees Fahrenheit (43 degrees Celsius) for rare or 130 degrees Fahrenheit (54 degrees Celsius) for medium, which you can check using a meat thermometer. Rest the ribeye. After you pull the steak out of the oven, take it out of the pan. Give it a light cover of foil, and let it sit for 2 to 5 minutes. After the resting period, cut into the steak, and serve it. Try a rub. Make a mixture of fresh rosemary leaves, fresh thyme leaves, minced garlic, and lemon zest. Dry the steak off, and spread a layer of salt on it. Rub the herb mixture into the steak, and place the steak in the fridge overnight (or at least for 4 hours). Take the steak out before cooking, and rub the mixture off with your fingers. Let it come to room temperature. Rub it with oil, and cook as usual. Use butter at the end. When flipping the steak in the oven, you can add a pat of butter on top of the steak. The butter will melt over the steak, adding additional flavor, but the butter won't have a chance to burn. You can also use an herbed butter at this point instead of plain butter. Reverse-sear the steak to add flavor at the end. A reverse sear is when you start the steak in the oven on a baking sheet at 250 degrees Fahrenheit (120 degrees Celsius), then finish it over high heat in the skillet. This process allows you to add more delicate flavoring at the end. For a 1 1/2-inch ribeye, you'll cook it in the oven for about 20 to 25 minutes for rare. Add 5 minutes for every level up you want to go in doneness (so 25 to 30 for medium rare, 30 to 35 for medium, and 35 to 40 for medium well). Have the skillet heating on the stove near the end with oil in it, and sear each side of the steak for about 30 to 45 seconds, including the edges. Before searing, you can add items like garlic cloves, thyme, and shallots to the oil for extra flavor. 
Choose a baggy t-shirt to modify. Bright, neon colors were very popular in the 80s, but you can use a neutral color as well, such as black, white, or grey. You will be cutting this shirt up, so make sure it's one you don't mind permanently altering. A blank shirt would work best, but you can use a decorated one too. Cut the neckline wider with sharp fabric scissors. Begin by making a snip 1 to 2 inches (2.54 to 5.08 centimeters) from each shoulder seam. Connect the snips with a curved line, just below the collar. This will give you an off-the-shoulder look. You can cut through both layers of fabric at the same time for something quick and easy. For a more professional finish, cut the front neckline lower than the back. Consider cutting the sleeves off. You don't have to do this, but it's a great way to turn your shirt from a t-shirt to a tank top. Cut the sleeves off following the seam on the shirt body, not the sleeve. You can make the arm holes bigger by cutting a littler further down past the armpit. Cut the bottom hem off of the shirt. You can cut as much of the hem off as you want. For a high-low look, cut the front hem higher than the bottom one. Cut a fringe into the hem. It needs to go about a quarter of the way up the shirt. The tassels need to be ½ inch (1.27 centimeters) wide. Try to cut through both layers of fabric. This way, you can be sure that the fringes are even on both sides of the shirt. You'll also save some time. If you made a high-low hem, cut the fringes separately. Make sure that they are the same length (however many inches/centimeters long you choose) on both sides of the shirt. Consider adding beads onto the fringe. Twist the tassel into a tube, then thread it through a plastic bead, such as a pony bead. You can add as many beads as you want; 1 to 3 would be ideal. Knot the tassel below the bead. You can also use a large yarn needle to thread the beads onto the tassels. Alternate the colors and the number of beads on the tassels. Decorate the shirt further, if desired. You can leave the shirt as is, or you can decorate it further. If the shirt is blank, consider adding an iron-on transfer. You can also paint the shirt instead using fabric paint. Choose a blank, solid-colored t-shirt. Transfer paper prints are usually translucent, so the shirt's color will show through. For best results, use a white shirt. If you must have a colored shirt, be aware that the image may not be as bright. You can also use transfer paper meant for dark shirts, but it will have a white background. You will have to trim around the image, or the white will show up. Baggy t-shirts were very popular in the 80s. If you want something more modern that is simply vintage inspired , you can use a fitted shirt instead. If you want something that looks vintage, consider using an old shirt. The more faded, the better. Choose a vintage image to print. Logos from 1980s cartoons work the best. Look for something that is larger than your hand, and has the title of the show as well as some of the characters. Make sure that you get the right generation, however; many of the original cartoons got reboots. For example, the new My Little Ponies look very different from the original ones. This will defeat the whole vintage look. Some of the most popular ones were: Thundercats, Mighty Mouse, and Rainbow Brite. Care Bears, My Little Pony, and Popples were also popular. You can also use other popular films and shows, such as: Back to the Future, Dark Crystal, Ghostbusters, Labyrinth, Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, etc. You can also use logos from bands and other things that were popular in the 80s, such as MTV or the Cabbage Patch dolls. Reverse the image using an image editing program. Copy the image from your web browser, then paste into an image editing program. Use the mirror or flip option to reverse the image. If your image has words on it, they will be backwards. If the image is too big, you can shrink it. If the image is too small, you can try to enlarge it, but be aware that you may loose some quality. If you are using dark transfer paper, you typically don't have to reverse the image. Print the image using transfer paper. Craft stores and fabric stores sell many different types of transfer paper, so make sure that you get the right kind for your shirt. If you have a white shirt, you can use any type of transfer paper. If you have a colored shirt, you will need to get one designed for colored shirts. Remember to print on the coated side of the transfer paper. Some transfer papers are made specifically for certain types of printers, so double-check before buying it. It needs to match your printer. Trim off the excess paper, if needed. Some types of transfer paper, like the kind used for dark shirts, have a white background. If you don't trim this background off, it will show up on the finished product. Use a small pair of scissors to carefully trim around the image. Place the paper image-side-down against your t-shirt. Make sure that the image is centered. The top of the image should reach just past the armhole. If you are using dark transfer paper, you will typically have to place it image-side-up; double-check the instructions. Iron the image using the directions on the package. Different types of image transfer papers have different requirements, so read the directions carefully. Peel the paper off. The image should be transferred onto the shirt. Don't worry if it doesn't look perfect. This will help give it a vintage feel. Choose a t-shirt. Baggy shirts were all the rage in the 80s. A white shirt will show colors the best, but you can use a colored one as well. Make sure that the shirt is blank, without any colors or patterns on it. Tuck a sheet of cardboard into the shirt. The cardboard needs to be the same size as the shirt. It will prevent the paint from getting onto the back of the shirt. Make geometric patterns using painter's tape. Start by making a large rectangle on your shirt with painter's tape. Lay down more strips of tape at different angles and lengths to create a geometric pattern. Smooth down the edges of the tape against the shirt. Cut the tape in half lengthwise to create thinner pieces and borders. For a simpler design, create large squares over the shirt. Make some tilted at different angles. Iron freezer paper to the areas outside the stencil, if needed. This is only necessary if you will be splattering the paint on. If you will be painting it on, you can skip this step. Pour some fabric paint onto a plate or palette. Try to use a few different colors, the brighter, the better. Paint the shirt. You can apply the paint as a solid color, or you can splatter it on instead. Use a new foam brush for each color; if you are using a bristle brush, simply rinse it. Use a sponge brush to pounce the paint onto the shirt. Don't drag it, or you might get paint under the tape. Use a stiff-bristled brush to splatter the paint onto your design. Peel the stencils away while the paint is still wet. If you wait until the paint dries, you will risk peeling the paint away too. Be careful not to smudge the wet paint. Let the paint dry. Every so often, run your hand inside the shirt to separate it from the cardboard. If you don't do this, the shirt may stick to the cardboard. Consider adding more designs with puff paint. This is a great idea for shirts painted a solid color, but you can do this for splatter painted shirts too. Use black or a contrasting color to draw free-hand designs onto your shirt. Try using round or organic shapes, such as spirals, squiggles, or suns to make them stand out. If you painted your shirt a solid color with a foam brush, consider splattering paint over it with a stiff bristle brush. Remove the cardboard once the puff paint dries. Puff paint usually needs to dry overnight. Once it's dry, pull the cardboard out of the shirt. Your shirt is now ready to wear! 
Look for a foundation that is two shades lighter than your skin tone. Most goths have a nearly dead look, where their skin looks almost white and very pale. It's important that you use a good foundation to act as a base for your makeup. Select a foundation that is two shades lighter than your skin tone to give yourself a pale look that does not look cakey or so pale it looks like you wearing a white mask. If you have a darker skin tone, look for a foundation that is two shades lighter than your natural skin tone and also buy white makeup press powder to apply over the foundation. This will give you an ethereal, grayish skin tone without appearing like you are wearing a white mask that is very different than your natural skin tone. You should also invest in makeup primer, which often contains SPF. Primer helps to prep your skin for foundation and help your makeup last longer. Wearing primer that contains sunscreen will also help to give you a more pale look, as the sunscreen will prevent your skin from tanning. Pick up eyeshadow in dark shades. Though the goth look may be dark, this doesn't mean you can't have some fun with your eye makeup. Look for eyeshadow in dark shades like black, purple, blue, and red. Many goths will play their eye shadow color off their lip color and vice versa. Consider how your eye shadow selections might work with the lipsticks you buy to create a total goth look. Try an eyeliner pencil in black if you are new to using eyeliner. If you are nervous about applying eyeliner or new to using eyeliner, you may want to try an eyeliner pencil first. The pencil is easy to apply and any mistakes can be adjusted with a Q-tip dipped in water or the edge of your finger. Look for eyeliner pencils in black that are labeled long lasting and non smudging, as you do not want the eyeliner to end up getting all over your face. This would be more of a racoon look, rather than a goth look. Go for black liquid eyeliner if you are skilled at applying eyeliner. If you are confident with pencil eyeliner and want to try something new or if you have used liquid eyeliner before, look for liquid eyeliner in black. Liquid eyeliner usually creates a more defined line around your eyes and will stay on throughout the day. Consider getting waterproof eyeliner if you tend to sweat or your eyes tend to water. This will ensure the eyeliner stays on your eye lids and does not run down your cheeks or get on other areas of your face. Get black mascara. Black mascara is a must for the goth look, as it will darken your eye area and make you look more vampy. Go for black mascara that will lengthen your lashes and give your eyes an extra shot of dark color. If you are into playing around with color as part of your goth look, you may go for colored mascaras in darker tones like blue or red. You can apply these tones on your bare lashes or layer them on top of black mascara for a fun, unique goth look. Look for lipstick in dark shades. The goth look would not be complete without dark lips. While pure and simple black lipstick can look great, you can also play around with darker shades like maroon, dark red, or dark purple. You may decide to invest in several different dark shades of lipstick so you can alternate the shades depending on your mood. The lipstick colors can also be used to compliment your current goth look for a specific day. Exfoliate and moisturize before you apply the foundation. To get the slick goth look, it is important that you exfoliate your skin with a foaming cleanser and a toner. The foundation will look much better on skin that is smooth and clean. You should also apply a facial moisturizer to give your skin a supple, hydrated look. This will prevent dry patches from forming on your skin throughout the day as you wear your goth makeup. Apply sunscreen and primer to your face. To ensure your skin stays young and damage free, always apply sunscreen to your face. Look for sunscreen with an SPF of at least 30. Alternatively, you can look for a primer that contains SPF so both products are in one package. Sunscreen will also protect your skin from tanning, giving you a more pale goth like look. Apply primer all over your face in one thin layer using clean fingers. You can also put primer on your neck to protect it from the sun if it contains SPF. Use a makeup sponge to apply the foundation. Once you have clean, smooth surface to work on, take a makeup sponge and apply the foundation to your face. You can find makeup sponges at your local beauty supply store or in the makeup aisle of a department store. You can also use your fingers to apply the foundation, but it can be difficult to apply the foundation evenly with your fingers. Apply one thin layer of foundation over your skin, making sure you get foundation on areas that tend to get red, such as around your nose, between your eyebrows, and on your chin. Only apply one layer of foundation, as too much foundation on your face can lead to caking. It can also make it look like you are wearing a white mask, as opposed to lightening your skin tone. Set the foundation with powder. To keep the foundation in place all day long, use a light face powder. Apply the face powder using a powder pad. Make sure you apply the powder to your entire face so your foundation does not risk getting runny or streaky throughout the day. Apply the eyeliner. If you are using an eyeliner pencil, you can simply line your eyes with the liner on the top and the bottom of the lash line. Try to create a distinct dark line around your lash line to create a goth look. If you are using liquid eyeliner, you can create more intricate eyeliner styles. For example, you may want to create small “wings” that extend from your upper eyelids for a winged eyeliner look. To do this, start with the eyeliner on the inside of your eyelid and as you move outward, gently let the eyeliner extend a one inch past the corner of your eye. This will give you a more vampy goth look. If you have trouble drawing the “wing” with liquid eyeliner, you can use the eyeliner pencil first to draw the wing and then go over it with liquid eyeliner. Use a makeup brush to apply eyeshadow. To give your eyes more punch, you can choose a darker shade of eyeshadow and apply it using a makeup brush. Eyeshadow is a great way to make your goth look feel more unique to you. For example, you may decide to apply a purple eye shadow on your lower lids and then use black eyeshadow on your upper lids and around your eye crease. This will create a dark look for your eyes. Put on the mascara. Finish your eye look by applying black mascara to your eyelashes. You can curl your lashes before you put on the mascara to help your eyelashes better frame your eyes. Put on one coat of mascara and let it dry. Then, apply another coat is you want your eyelashes to appear darker. If you have very light eyelashes or very few eyelashes, you may want to apply false eyelashes to give your lashes more definition. Finish with lipstick. Complete your look with a dark lipstick in black or purple. You can use a small makeup brush to apply the lipstick or apply it directly from the tube. Use a Q-tip to remove any imperfections on your eye makeup or your lipstick. Run the Q-tip under your lips to ensure the lipstick looks perfect. Use a face mist to set the makeup. Goth makeup looks best when it is clean and smooth, so use face mist to keep your makeup in place and to keep it looking fresh. You can find face mist at your local drugstore or in the beauty aisle. The mist is great for keeping your skin hydrated, especially if you live in a hot climate. 
Place carbon monoxide detectors in your home. Carbon monoxide (CO) is a colorless and odorless gas that's toxic to the body. Plug in your carbon monoxide detectors in an outlet at knee-level or lower since CO is heavier than air. Place at least 1 detector on each level of your home. Never block a carbon monoxide detector with furniture or curtains since they could restrict air flow. If you have pets or children that would interfere with the detectors at knee-level, plug the devices in chest-level outlets. Use a handheld natural gas detector to find the source of the leak. Portable gas detectors can sense the gas concentration in certain areas of your home. Walk through your home with the gas detector, keeping an eye on the display meter. Whenever they sense a concentration too high, an alarm will go off to let you know the area is not safe. Gas detectors can be purchased from your local hardware store. Set a radon detection test in the lowest level of your home. Radon is a natural gas that's odorless, colorless, and tasteless naturally found in the ground. Place a short-term test kit in the lowest level of your home where people spend time and leave it there for 90 days. Use the envelope provided in the kit to send the test to a lab where they can calculate the radon levels. If it comes back with 4 pCi/L (picocuries per liter) or higher, you need to call a professional to install a radon mitigation system in your home. Avoid keeping radon tests in areas that get damp and humid, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or laundry room. See if your home has a rotten egg or sulfuric smell. Natural gases from your appliances have the added chemical mercaptan, making the gas have an unpleasant odor so you can detect it easier. If you notice the smell in your home, it's possible that you have a gas leak near your stove, water heater, or another appliance. Check the burners on a gas stove to make sure they're completely turned off. Immediately turn off the gas supply line and leave the building if there is a strong odor. Listen for a hissing or whistling noise near your appliances or pipes. You may be able to hear the gas leaking from loose connections. If you hear a faint hiss or whistle that you haven't heard before, walk around your home and listen for the change in volume. When it gets louder, you're closer to the possible leak. The gas makes a hiss or whistle when it escapes through a tight space, so not all gas leaks will make a noise. Check if the flames on your gas stove are orange or yellow instead of blue. Gas stoves should have blue flames, meaning that they have enough oxygen for the gas to completely combust. When there are yellow or orange flames, the natural gas isn't completely burning and could be contributing to a gas leak. Gas stoves may have orange or yellow flames when they're first lit. Only be concerned if the flame is consistently orange or yellow. Watch for a white cloud or dust moving near your gas lines. While natural gas is usually colorless, a leak may stir up dust and make a small cloud near your pipes. Keep your eyes open for any mist or clouds that you can't account for otherwise. Look to see if your any houseplants are dying. Plants need carbon dioxide in order to survive, and gas leaks can limit the amount your plants get. If you notice your plants wilting or yellowing even though you still care for them regularly, you may have gas leaking into your home. Keep plants in areas in your home where gas leaks are common, like in your kitchen or close to a fireplace. Check your gas bill to see if it’s higher than normal. Compare your gas bills over a 2-3 month period to see if there's been a significant change in cost. If you notice a spike in your bill, contact your utility company first to make sure your bill is correct. If everything is right on their end, let them know you may have a gas leak in your home. Keep in mind any changes in your lifestyle. For example, if it's winter and you've been using your furnace more, your gas prices may be higher because of it. Compare bills from the same time of year to see a more accurate change. Note any physical symptoms you have while you’re at home. Breathing natural gas or carbon monoxide limits the amount of oxygen your body receives. If you start experiencing body pains, headaches, lightheadedness, or nausea for no apparent reason, check your gas lines and your appliances to see if there are any problems. Other symptoms may include, but are not limited to, reduced appetite, difficulty breathing, fatigue, and eye and throat irritation. Mix 1  c (240 ml) of water with 1  tsp (4.9 ml) of dish soap. Fill the cup with water and squeeze in a small amount of dish soap. Stir the soap and water together until it starts to form suds. You can use any liquid dish soap to test for a gas leak. If you don't have dish soap, you can substitute a liquid laundry detergent instead. Brush the soapy water onto your pipe connection. Dip a small paintbrush into the soapy water so the bristles are completely coated. Paint a thin layer of the water around the pipe connections where you think there may be a leak. Brush the water around the whole connection point so it's saturated. Look for bubbles where you put the water. Any gas leaking from your pipe connections will make bubbles in the soapy water. If bubbles don't form at the connection, then the gas leak is in a different place on your pipes. Continue brushing the water and watching for bubbles until you find the source of your leak. Mark the spot on the pipe so a professional can come fix it. Use a pencil or a marker to draw on the pipe where you found the gas leak. Once it's marked, contact your utility company and let them know that you have a leak in your home so they can fix it. Don't attempt to fix gas lines yourself if you're inexperienced. Turn off your gas line and pilot lights. Locate the gas main valve near your main gas meter, usually found on the side of your building or in a cabinet inside. Turn the valve so it's perpendicular to the gas pipes to turn it off. Stopping your gas main should also stop your pilot lights. Open the windows to vent your home. Keep all of your windows and doors open if possible so the gas inside your home can escape. That way, there is a less dangerous concentration in your home and it's not as likely to spark or explode. Even when your windows are open, you shouldn't stay in your home until the gas leak is fixed. Don’t use any appliances or electronics inside. Anything electric creates a spark that could ignite a high concentration of natural gas. Avoid turning on any switches, electronics, or gas appliances while you suspect a leak. Avoid using lighters or anything with an open flame. Don't search for a gas leak with a flashlight or any other light source. Leave your home and call the fire department. Evacuate your home as soon as you can once you've determined there's a gas leak. Go across the street and away from your home in case of an explosion. Once you're a safe distance away, contact the fire department and let them know there is a gas leak. Don't use a landline or mobile phone while you're still inside your house. 
Remove the wrapping paper from the sides of the panettone. Most panettone come with cellophane or paper wrapping around the sides, sometimes both. Remove these exterior wrappings and throw them away before slicing into your panettone. Warm your panettone if you like warm breads. This step is optional, but if you like warm breads, simply place the unwrapped panettone in your oven at 200 °F (93 °C) for 5-10 minutes. Remove it from the oven before starting to slice it. Slice your panettone in narrow triangular pieces with a bread knife. Just like you would slice into a cake, take a bread knife and cut into your panettone from the top to the bottom. Starting from the same center point, make another cut going out just a little bit from the center to make your first narrow slice. Continue cutting the panettone in this manner until you have as many narrow slices as you need for you and your guests. Eat a slice of panettone with your morning coffee as breakfast. Europeans often eat panettone with breakfast around the holidays. Simply slice it into narrow pieces and serve it with cups of your favorite coffee, by itself or with other breakfast foods. Some people like to dip their panettone into their coffee before eating it. If this sounds good to you, give it a try! Serve slices of panettone with glasses of Marsala as a mid-day treat. If your family enjoys having a tea time or small afternoon meal, as many Europeans do, serve slices of panettone with Marsala or other Italian wine at this time. Get enough small plates and wine glasses for each of your guests, slice your panettone and pour the wine accordingly. Eat panettone after dinner with a glass of Moscato as dolce. Try your slice of panettone with a glass of sparkling white wine, such as Moscato or Spumante, after dinner as your dessert, or dolce. Find Italian sparkling white wine at your nearest grocery or wine store. Add whipped cream to the inside before serving as an extra sweet surprise. If you're serving your panettone for dessert, try slicing the top of the loaf off and carving a bit of the inside out. Save the pieces as morsels for snacking. Fill the cavity with whipped cream and put the top of the loaf back on. Slice your filled panettone in thin slices as you normally would to serve to your guests. Tear your panettone and eat it in a glass of milk instead of slicing it. Another way that Italians enjoy panettone doesn't involve slicing it at all. Try simply unwrapping your panettone and setting it out. Give each person a 16  fl oz (470 mL) glass and have them tear off pieces of the panettone to place in their glass. Fill the rest of each glass with whole milk. Have each person enjoy their milk-soaked glass of panettone with a dessert spoon. Try double-chocolate filled panettone as a decadent dessert. To make double-chocolate filled panettone, warm 150 mL (5.1  fl oz) double cream in a pan on the stove without letting it boil, then add 150 g (5.3 oz) white chocolate and stir it until smooth. Do this again with the same amount of double cream and 150 g (5.3 oz) dark chocolate in a separate pan. Cut your panettone horizontally into 5 slices and spread the white chocolate ganache between each layer before reassembling the loaf. Pour the dark chocolate ganache over the reassembled loaf and allow it to set before serving. Cut the filled panettone into thin slices like you normally would to serve it. Make panettone pudding if your family likes bread puddings. Cut your panettone loaf into 5 medium wedges and butter 1 side of each of them. Cut the wedges in half and arrange them buttered-side up in a 850 mL (29  fl oz) shallow, greased baking dish. In a bowl, whisk 2 eggs, 150 mL (5.1  fl oz) double cream, 225 mL (7.6  fl oz) milk, 1  tsp (4.9 mL) vanilla extract, and 2 US tbsp (30 mL) caster sugar together and pour it over the bread slices. Bake the panettone pudding at 160 °C (320 °F) for 35 minutes, or until the pudding is just set. Make Santa Claus’s dessert for adults on Christmas eve. Beat 250 mL (8.5  fl oz) double cream and 50 g (1.8 oz) icing sugar with an electric mixer until it stiffens. Cut your panettone loaf into large chunks and place them in a serving bowl. Drizzle 175 mL (5.9  fl oz) Vin Santo over the panettone and scoop your whipped cream out evenly over the dessert. Sprinkle the top with mixed candied peel or dried fruit before serving. Chop 1 lb (450 g) panettone into 1 in (2.5 cm) cubes. If your panettone has a sugar crust on top, slice this off with a bread knife before slicing your cubes. After your cubes are sliced, lay them out on a large baking sheet so they're not touching. Bake panettone cubes on for 10 minutes at 400 °F (204 °C). Preheat your oven, and when it's ready, put your panettone cubes in and let them bake for 10 minutes, or until their edges are gold and crispy. Allow them to cool completely.  If you want, do these steps ahead of time and store your panettone cubes in an airtight container until you're ready to make your stuffing. Chop 2 onions and 3 stalks of celery into small pieces. You want your pieces to be small, but not so small that they'll be mushy when you cook them. Begin warming a large sautee pan on the stove for the next step. Sautee your onions and celery with 2 US tbsp (30 mL) oil for 10 minutes. Add the oil to your sautee pan and let it warm. Add your chopped vegetables and cook them for 10 minutes. Stir them frequently to prevent any of the sides from burning. Remove the vegetables from heat before 10 minutes if they appear to be fully cooked or are becoming mushy. Add 2 lb (910 g) Italian sausage and 2  fl oz (59 mL) oil to your pan. When your vegetables have cooked for 10 minutes, add sausage and oil to the pan. Cook the sausage for 10 minutes, breaking it up into small pieces as you stir it to allow it to cook evenly. Continue stirring the mixture for the entire 10 minutes, or until the sausage is brown and fully cooked. Combine panettone and sausage mixture in a 3 in × 8 in (7.6 cm × 20.3 cm) baking dish. When your sausage is fully cooked, remove the mixture from the stove and spoon it into your baking dish. Add your toasted panettone cubes and stir everything together in the dish. Whisk 4 eggs in a bowl and add 16  fl oz (470 mL) chicken broth. Crack 4 eggs into a separate bowl and whisk them until the whites and yolks are combined. Taste your chicken broth and add salt to it until you feel it's salty enough. Then add the chicken broth and stir the liquids together. Do not taste the mixture again after adding the eggs, as consuming raw eggs can be a potential risk of salmonella contamination. Pour chicken broth over the stuffing mixture and bake for 45 minutes. Your oven should still be heated at 400 °F (204 °C) from toasting your panettone cubes. Stir the combined broth and stuffing mixture so the bread cubes and sausage are coated in broth, then put the pan in the oven for 45 minutes. Chop a large handful of fresh parsley and sprinkle it over the stuffing before you serve it. 
Accept yourself for who you are. Be yourself , improve yourself where you can, and accept aspects of yourself that you can't change. Don't try to change who you are just to please others. Make a list of all the things that you like about yourself and another of things you'd like to improve. You can ask friends and family to help you build your list, since they may think of things you might not. Think of specific steps you can take to improve, for example: “Sometimes I overreact and snap at other people. Every time someone makes a statement, I should pause before responding and think about what to say before saying it.” Keep this list somewhere you will see it often, such as on your mirror or closet door. Read over it at least once every day. Accept things about yourself that you can't change. For example, you might wish you were taller, but that's not something you can change. Instead of focusing on why you wish you were tall, try to think of little things that are nice about being shorter, like the fact that you'll bump your head less. Try to think of things about yourself that other people would likely envy and want to replicate. Visualize successful outcomes instead of fearing embarrassment. Try not to focus on failing, embarrassment, or on what other people will think if you do something wrong. If you find yourself reliving embarrassing moments, consciously redirect yourself to something you have accomplished instead. Break down goals into small pieces, and visualize yourself succeeding at each step. For example, if you want to be more confident when having conversations, break the goal into small parts: maintain eye contact, listen to the other person, nod when they make a point, ask them questions, and offer honest responses based on your own experiences. If an outcome doesn't turn out according to plan, try to learn from it instead of getting embarrassed. Write down what you would do differently next time to help solidify what you have learned. Remember that everything is a learning process and that no one is great at everything, especially on the first attempt. Avoid second guessing every step you take. Try not to assume that everyone is judging every little thing you do. Before getting lost in a cycle of self-doubt, remind yourself that anyone worth your time has more to worry about than criticizing your every thought and action. Also, remind yourself that mistakes serve a purpose and are a necessary part of growth. Do your best to notice when you start to overthink or second guess yourself. Tell yourself, “Stop over-analyzing. Calm down and don't worry.” Self-reflection and learning from your mistakes are good things, provided you focus on positive growth instead of negative overthinking. Don’t let someone’s negative judgment define who you are. Keep a balanced perspective and don't view a negative judgment as a permanent, absolute fact. If you think there's some truth in their judgment, use it as an opportunity to improve instead of letting it define you. For example, suppose someone says that you have a bad temper. If you've barely interacted with them and they don't know you at all, brush off their judgment. However, if they're a classmate or coworker who spends a lot of time with you, consider why they think you have a temper. Work on developing strategies for keeping your cool, like counting while slowly breathing when you start feeling angry. Consider if a person judging you has good intentions. How a person expresses an opinion of you can let you know whether you should brush it off or take it to heart. Ask yourself, “Does this person have my best interests in mind? Is this something I can work on to become a better person, or is it just a petty judgment that's meant to insult me?” For example, your good friend might say, “You seem to be disconnected lately - you don't seem like yourself.” That's a judgment you'd want to take to heart. On the other hand, you'd want to just brush it off if someone you don't know well says, “You never pay attention - you're so dumb!” Also, remember that petty judgements are usually meant to make the person feel better about themselves and not to hurt you. Consider if you can find some empathy for the person and their self-esteem issues. Get the facts from multiple sources. When forming an opinion on something like a news topic, try to look for multiple sources. Read articles published by different news outlets, and try to include perspectives that challenge your own beliefs. Try to gather your own information rather than instinctively agreeing or disagreeing with what someone else thinks. For example, your parents might have an opinion about a news story. Instead of just agreeing with them because they're your parents, you might search online to find articles on the subject from multiple news bureaus. After reading a few perspectives on the topic, you can form your own opinion based on what you've learned. Decide if a person is informed about a topic. Before getting too concerned about what someone thinks, consider their expertise and the way they express their opinion. If your teacher wrote their graduate school thesis on a particular historical event, you'll want to value what they think over someone less informed. In addition to considering the source, think about its package: is someone informed about a subject speaking to you in a clear, thoughtful way? Or are they just hurling insults and criticizing your opinion just for the sake of disagreeing with you? You may also consider whether someone might have a personal motivation for feeling one way or another. Avoid faking agreement just to please others. Don't be afraid to have an opinion that goes against the norm, especially if you've put time and thought into forming that opinion. Balance evidence with your gut instincts instead of trying to conform and satisfy others. Respect what others think, and accept that not everyone will think the same way you do. For example, if you prefer dogs over cats, don't pretend to like cats more just to please your friends who think cats are better. You should form your own opinion, even if all of your friends prefer cats. It can be healthy to challenge your core beliefs, but you should avoid compromising them just for the sake of popularity. For instance, if you were raised in a religious tradition, you might find that a healthy dose of doubt will deepen your faith in the long run. But that doesn't mean you should change your beliefs just because someone criticizes them out of ignorance. Also, keep in mind that it is okay to disagree with people. You can express your opinion in a non-challenging manner and listen respectfully to their opinion as well. However, it is important to consider your goal for the conversation before moving forward. Work on getting in touch with yourself. Consider the similarities and differences between how you act in private versus when you're around lots of people. Ask yourself, “How do I represent myself to strangers, to people I'm more comfortable with, and to myself?” Try to think of what really makes you who you are. Write down a list of character traits that are important to you, like honesty, loyalty, or humor. You can also ask trustworthy friends and family members to help you think of things. Spend some quiet time reflecting on your traits, talents, and favorite things. Try to develop an appreciation for what makes you a unique individual. Make decisions based on your own values. Make choices that are consistent with your priorities instead of doing what other people think is cool. For example, suppose your friends want to go to a party and get drunk, but you have a soccer game the next day, and soccer is really important to you. Instead of going to the party just to look cool, choose to be well prepared and well rested for your game because it's important to you. Do not feel like you have to defend yourself or your values to other people! Represent yourself in ways that make you happy. Think of how to incorporate your interests, likes, and dislikes into your clothes, surroundings, and lifestyle choices. Focus on creating a style that makes you happy instead of just going for what's trendy or popular. For example, if you find that you love to mix and match patterns in your wardrobe, don't be afraid to wear what you love just because of what one person might think. Decorate your apartment or room with knick-knacks that have sentimental value, even if someone suggests you should use trendier items or go for a more minimal look. On the other hand, skip out on decorative objects altogether if you can't stand clutter. Just go with whatever will make your space most livable for you. Create an inspiration folder to get in touch with your own style. When developing your sense of clothing style , check out fashion magazines and blogs to search for inspiration. Save or cut out images that motivate you, and use them to put together a digital or paper "look book" or inspiration folder. Using your new library, assemble looks that make you feel unique and confident. Signature items like a particular piece of jewelry, scarves, funky hats, or pattern can also help put a unique stamp on your style. Think of a specific item or aesthetic element that makes you happy and expresses something you love about yourself. For example, if you love sailing or boats, maybe an anchor necklace and bold nautical stripes would be a unique touch. Remember that taste is subjective. If someone says something about your taste, remember that their style opinion isn't the final word. Taste is subjective, and you might not love everything about their fashion or decor. Variety is a great thing: imagine how boring it would be if everyone's clothes and houses looked exactly the same! While it's great to dress in a way that expresses your individuality, remember to consider degrees of appropriateness for every situation. Dressing professionally or in accordance with the dress code at work will probably earn you more respect than wearing a tee shirt and ripped jeans. Avoid uninvited judgments. Social media is a great way to stay connected with people. However, it also gives people plenty of opportunities to judge your lifestyle choices. For example, if you don't want to invite people to criticize your clothes or image, consider sharing fewer selfies on social media platforms. You can also unfollow or unfriend people who are judgmental, rude, or who make you feel bad about yourself. 
Confirm the diagnosis of a Bartholin cyst. If you have noticed a lump that is painful on one side of your vaginal opening, it may very well be a Bartholin cyst. You may experience pain while sitting or during sexual intercourse, or sometimes no pain at all, only swelling. If you suspect that you may have a Bartholin cyst, it is important to see your family doctor for a pelvic exam to confirm the diagnosis. In addition to a pelvic exam, your doctor will likely test for STIs (sexually transmitted infections). This is because, if you have an STI in conjunction with your Bartholin cyst, you are at higher risk of having your cyst become infected (and you will likely be given antibiotic treatment — more on this later). If you are over 40 years old, your cyst may also be biopsied to rule out the possibility of cancer of the female reproductive system. Have Sitz baths several times each day. One of the mainstays of treatment for Bartholin cysts are regular Sitz baths. A Sitz bath is when you fill the bathtub with just enough water to cover your buttocks and vagina when you sit down in the water. The water does not need to be any deeper than that, although it can be, if you would like. (This depends on personal preference, and whether you are aiming to make the bath an enjoyable experience, or simply one of convenience.) You should have a Sitz bath at least 3 to 4 times per day. The purpose of regular Sitz baths is to keep the area around the Bartholin cyst clean, to reduce pain and/or discomfort in the area, and also to increase the chances of the cyst naturally draining itself. See your doctor if your Bartholin cyst does not resolve on its own. If your Bartholin cyst does not naturally drain itself and resolve with Sitz baths after several days, you may want to see your doctor to discuss the possibility of surgical drainage. The reason that it is important to discuss treatment options sooner rather than later is that, if the cyst does not resolve, it may become infected and form what is called an "abscess." This is more complicated to treat than a simple cyst, so it is best to be proactive. If you are under 40 and you the cyst is asymptomatic (no pain, fever, etc.), then often no medical intervention is necessary. If you notice signs of a fever alongside your Bartholin cyst, see your doctor for treatment. To prevent your cyst from becoming infected, use condoms during sex, particularly if you are unsure whether your partner has an STI; however, it is not necessary to refrain from sex. Take medication to ease the pain. While you are waiting for your Bartholin cyst to be treated and/or to heal, you may wish to consider pain medications to ease any discomfort you are experiencing in the area. You can purchase over-the-counter pain medications at your local pharmacy or drugstore. Some common choices include: Ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin) 400 – 600 mg every four to six hours as needed. Acetaminophen (Tylenol) 500 mg every four to six hours as needed. Opt for surgical drainage. The most effective way to get rid of a persistent Bartholin cyst is via surgical drainage. You can see your family doctor, who may do it themselves (if they are experienced with the procedure). Alternatively, they may refer you on to another physician to have the procedure performed. Most cases of incision and drainage are outpatient procedures done in the doctor's office and only require local anesthetic. An incision (opening) will be made in your cyst, allowing any fluid inside to drain out. A catheter (tube) may be placed into the cyst for up to six weeks following the procedure. This is usually only done for cases of recurrent Bartholin cysts. The purpose of the catheter is to keep the cyst open, so that any further fluid that accumulates can drain out immediately. Keeping the cyst open prevents fluid buildup and, as such, allows the cyst to naturally heal. Take antibiotics. If your Bartholin cyst appears to be infected, your doctor will prescribe you antibiotics following surgical drainage. It is important to complete the full course of antibiotics, and to not miss taking any of the pills, as missing pills will lessen the effectiveness of the antibiotics. Also, if you test positive for any STIs, you will receive antibiotics whether or not your cyst is currently infected. The purpose to prevent an infection, as testing positive for STIs heightens your risk that your cyst may subsequently become infected. Ask your doctor about "marsupialization. " If your Bartholin cyst recurs, you can speak to your physician about a procedure called marsupialization. This is when the cyst is surgically drained, and then stitches are placed on either side of the cyst to hold it open following the procedure. This opening is permanent, and serves to prevent recurrences of the Bartholin cyst. You will likely have a catheter (tube) in for a few days following the surgical procedure; however, after that, the catheter can be removed because the stitches will be strong enough to keep the incision open. Have your Bartholin gland completely removed. If you have a particularly bad cyst, or have had recurrent cysts, one of the "last resort" treatments is to have your Bartholin gland completely removed surgically, or removed via a laser procedure. Both of these are simple procedures that do not require an overnight hospital stay. Note that there is no known way to prevent a Bartholin cyst. While many people have asked if there are strategies to prevent (or reduce the risk of) a Bartholin cyst developing in the first place, doctors say that there are no known strategies for prevention. Doctors do recommend that you begin treatment — either home treatment or medical treatment — as quickly as possible once you notice a cyst developing. Continue with regular Sitz baths. After surgical drainage or a marsupialization procedure, it is key to continue with regular Sitz baths during the healing phase. Again, this is to ensure that the area remains clean, and to maximize healing while minimizing the risk of infection. Sitz baths are advised beginning one to two days following the surgical procedure. Refrain from sexual intercourse until your catheter is removed. You may have a catheter for four to six weeks to keep your Bartholin cyst open and to prevent further fluid accumulation, following surgical drainage. For as long as the catheter remains in, it is key to refrain from sexual intercourse. Abstaining from sex for that time period will also help to prevent your cyst from becoming infected. After marsupialization, even though there is no catheter, you will be advised to refrain from sex for four weeks following the procedure to ensure full healing. Continue with pain medications as needed. You may use over-the-counter pain medications, such as Ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin) or Acetaminophen (Tylenol) as needed. Alternatively, if your pain is more severe, you may ask your doctor for prescription strength pain medications (narcotics) such as Morphine in the initial stages of recovery. 
Choose between bonded and riveted friction material. All brakes need to have a softer friction material attached to the stronger metal backing plate. Brake manufacturers use two methods to attach the friction material to the backing plate: bonding with an adhesive or riveting with high strength rivets. There's no clearly superior method for attaching the friction material, but bonding allows the brakes to last slightly longer because as the friction material wears down, the rivets make contact with the brake rotors or drums and squeal a bit when they're nearly worn out. By the time you hear the squeal of rivets making contact with the rotors or drums during braking, it's time to change the brakes anyhow. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/f\/fa\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/f\/fa\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Bonded brakes wear down to the backing plate which usually ruins your rotors or drums if not changed promptly when the metal to metal grinding sound is heard when applying the brakes. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/58\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/5\/58\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-1Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":307,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"486","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Think about your driving requirements when choosing a brake pad material. Purchasing replacement brake pads or shoes will require you to make a choice about the material they are made from. At this point, you need to determine how severe your braking needs are. Some things to consider include: How mountainous is your driving? How hot is the climate you live in? What are the traffic patterns you travel in? How tolerant are you to brakes that squeal a bit? Do you pull a trailer behind your vehicle ? Do you have to deal with deep puddles in the winter or rainy season? Decide between organic, semi metallic, fully metallic and ceramic break pad materials. Before choosing a brake pad to shoe material, it's important to consider the pros and cons of each. Organic: Some cars come with brakes which are made from an organic material. This provides good life for the other brake components, but don't offer superior braking when pulling a trailer or traveling long downhill routes. Additionally, organic brake material does lose a lot of braking capacity when they get wet. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/79\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/7\/79\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Semi-metallic: A better braking material is called semi-metallic, in which a composite of soft metals are embedded in the friction material which enhances braking. However, this does wear out the rotors or drums a bit faster than the organic materials. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/c\/ce\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/c\/ce\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Fully metallic: The next step up in price, quality and braking efficiency is fully metallic brakes which offer great braking in almost any condition, but do wear the rotors/drums faster. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/26\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/2\/26\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Ceramic: These are more expensive than the other 3 choices but do offer the longest life and best warranty. Ceramic brakes tolerate very high temperatures with very little fading or loss of braking when wet. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/c\/cd\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet4-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet4-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/c\/cd\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet4-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-3Bullet4-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Opt for semi-metallic brake pads for regular driving. Semi-metallic brake pads tend to be a great all-round choice for commuter vehicles, and they're very reasonably priced. Most newer vehicles come with semi-metallic pads or shoes, as these are what car manufacturers recommends. Even vehicle that have rotors made of harder metals tolerate the semi-metallic pads very well. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/ae\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/a\/ae\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} However, if you regularly use your vehicle for more heavy-duty tasks — such as pulling a trailer up a mountainous path — you may be better off going for higher-end, fully metallic or ceramic brake pads. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/78\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/7\/78\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} In other words, you need to seriously consider your regular driving conditions and how much stress will be placed on the breaks when choosing the right brake pad material — it's a matter of safety. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/26\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/2\/26\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-4Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Review the entire break system when replacing the brake pads. It's always wise to consider the entire brake system when you perform a repair yourself or have it completed by a service shop. The brake pads can be no more effective than the quality of the rotors they contact and the master/slave cylinders that move the pads in and out to perform their functions. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/0\/05\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/0\/05\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} It's also wise to flush the old brake fluid out of the hydraulic system when if the vehicle or truck is over 8 years old just to keep the moisture levels low and brakes working at their peak levels. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/5d\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/5\/5d\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-5Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Learn the difference between brake pads and brake shoes. Brake pads and brake shoes are different from one another. The brake pad is built for disc brakes found on most front axles of cars and trucks. Brake shoes, on the other hand, are built for drum brakes which are often found on the back axles of cars and trucks. The reason behind these two different designs can be found by examining the braking sequence: When you actuate the brakes of your vehicle, the disc brake pads or brake shoes have to slow down the brake rotors or drums mounted between tire rims and the suspension. The friction of the disc pads squeezing the rotors or pushing the brake shoes outward on the drums in order to slow the vehicle down causes the disk pads or shoes to get really hot. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/27\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/2\/27\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} On long downhill runs, there is a lot more stress placed on the front brakes (and therefore the front brake pads) than on the back brakes. For this reason, a superior braking method is required for the front brakes in order to handle this extra stress. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/1f\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/1\/1f\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-6Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Understand why disc brakes are superior to drum brakes. As mentioned above, the disc brakes located at the front of the vehicle are required to handle more stress than the drum brakes at the rear of the vehicle. As a result, they need to be of a higher quality. Disc brakes were developed by race car and aircraft designers who wanted to find the best way of slowing down the machine without burning up the brake shoes. They were later introduced to the front axles of commercial vehicles in order to reduce the wear-and-tear on the front brakes. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/8\/8f\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/8\/8f\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet1-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet1-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":307,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"486","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} The rear axle, on the other hand, doesn't have nearly as much force on it during braking, and since brake drums are cheaper and easier to manufacture, these are the more common form of brakes on the rear of most passenger cars and trucks. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/19\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/1\/19\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet2-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet2-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":306,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"485","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} However, more modern performance cars and heavy duty trucks usually have disc brakes on both axles (front and rear) because of their superior braking capacity. Disc brakes handle heat a bit better than drum brakes too, which means they still work well when they're hot. Any braking system can develop fading from heat or water but disc brakes recover from those two issues quicker than drum brakes. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/f\/f2\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/f\/f2\/Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet3-Version-2.jpg\/aid4987458-v4-728px-Choose-the-Right-Brake-Pads-Step-7Bullet3-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":307,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"486","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a> (screenshot)<br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} 
Cut 2 pieces of 1 in × 4 in (2.5 cm × 10.2 cm) wood to 42 in (110 cm) long. Measure the length of your board and mark where you plan to make your cut with a pencil. Use a miter saw to cut an 8 feet (2.4 m) board down to size. If you don't have access to a miter saw, set the board on a workbench or between 2 saw horses and use a handsaw. Wear eye protection while working with power tools to prevent sawdust from getting in your eyes. You can work with any kind of wood you want. If you want to be cost-effective, use pine or oak. For an upscale look that's also durable, use maple or walnut. Saw 3 1 in × 4 in (2.5 cm × 10.2 cm) boards to 24 in (61 cm) long. Use another 8 ft (2.4 m) board, and cut the 3 shorter pieces with a miter saw or hand saw. Make sure the edges are straight so they lay flush with the other boards. The size of the table you build can vary depending on how much space you have. Arrange the boards in a rectangle on the floor. Lay the boards so the narrow sides are on the ground. Place 2 of the shorter boards between the ends of the longer ones to form corners. Put the third board in the middle to form a support beam. If you want the corners to look cleaner, cut the ends of each board to a 45-degree angle before putting them together. Nail the corners of the boards together to secure them. Use 2 in (5.1 cm) finishing nails on the sides of the 42 in (110 cm) boards. Pound 2 nails through the boards on each end of the shorter pieces to hold them in place. Make sure the corners are flush as you secure the boards. This forms the apron on the underside of the table so you can easily attach the tabletop and legs. Use a 48 in × 28 in (122 cm × 71 cm) plywood sheet if you want a solid tabletop. Use a solid piece of plywood that's at least 1 in (2.5 cm) thick. Make sure you use the same type of wood that you used to make the apron for a consistent look. Avoid using chipboard or particle board since it's not as sturdy. Cut the board with a table saw to bring it down to size. Visit your local lumber yard to see what sizes of boards are available and see if they can cut it for you. Make the surface out of multiple boards for a rustic look. Purchase 3 1 in × 10 in (2.5 cm × 25.4 cm) boards that are 4 ft (1.2 m) long. Lay one of the boards on the middle of the apron so it's 8 in (20 cm) from each end. Mark where the edges line up with a pencil. You can use thinner or wider boards depending on how much wood you want to use. Apply wood glue to the top of the apron. Take the boards or plywood off the top of the apron. Squeeze a line of wood glue on top of the apron, and spread it evenly across the surface with a foam brush or finger. Wipe off any excess wood glue with the edge of your foam brush. If you're making a tabletop out of multiple boards, only put wood glue on the apron where you'll put the middle board. Press the tabletop onto the apron so there's 1–2 in (2.5–5.1 cm) of overhang. Press the sheet of plywood or the middle board onto the surface and hold it there for 30 seconds to 1 minute. This ensures the glue gets a maximum amount of coverage and will hold better. If you don't want to hold the wood in place after setting it down, place something heavy on the spots you glued. Work quickly since wood glue can dry within 20 minutes. Nail the tabletop into place to secure it. Use your 2 in (5.1 cm) finishing nails and your hammer to keep the tabletop in place. Drive the nails in from the top of your table into the apron underneath. Put in 2 nails at each end of the tabletop as well as 2 nails into the middle support of the apron. Make sure the nails are flat against the table's surface. When you're making a tabletop from multiple boards, glue and nail down 1 board at a time. Look for any areas of the table bowing away from the apron. If you notice this happening, put in more nails to hold it tight. Although wood glue takes 24 hours to set completely, nailing the tabletop to the apron will hold the pieces together so you can keep building. Flip the table over so it's upside-down. Grab the overhang of the table and lift it. Tip the table up and over so the apron faces the ceiling. Gently set the table back down on the ground. Ask a friend to help you if the table is too heavy to lift on your own. Don't slide your hands against the wood grain or else you could get a splinter. Cut 4 in × 4 in (10 cm × 10 cm) plywood into 4 17 in (43 cm) long pieces. Cut down an 8 ft (2.4 m) piece of wood into 4 equal sections using a miter saw or hand saw. Make sure the ends of the pieces are flat so they can stand up without wobbling. If your wood pieces wobble, use a sander to flatten the ends. Adjust the height of the legs accordingly to how tall you want the table. Pre-drill 4 holes in each corner and leg. Use a drill bit slightly smaller than the diameter of your screws. Set the 4 in × 4 in (10 cm × 10 cm) pieces in each corner so the sides of the legs are against the apron. Make 2 holes 2 in (5.1 cm) from the end of the apron, making sure the drill goes into the leg as well. Repeat the process for the other side of the leg against the apron. Stagger the height of the holes so screws won't run into one another. Screw 4 2 1⁄2 in (6.4 cm) construction screws from the apron into each leg. Hold the screws in the holes you drilled and use an electric screwdriver to secure the legs. Tighten the screws until they lay flush with the surface of the wood so they aren't as noticeable. Use darker colored screws on darker wood and light colored screws on light wood to conceal them better. Sand the legs if they don't lay even. Flip the table rightside up to see if it wobbles or sits crooked on the floor. If so, use a coarse-grit sandpaper to shorten the longer legs so they're even with the shortest leg. An electric belt sander will work faster if you have access to one. Be careful not to over sand the legs or else the table may still wobble. Sand the entire table with a sanding block. Use a 320-grit sanding block to smooth all the surfaces on your table. Work across the top, sides, legs, and apron so there's no chance of anyone getting a splinter if they run their hand across it. Round the corners of the tabletop if you don't want them to have a sharp edge. Use an electric sander if you want to get your work done faster. Wear a face mask and eye protection so sawdust doesn't get in your eyes. Stain the wood if you want to see the wood grain. Pick a dark or light stain depending on the rest of the room's design. Dip the bristles of a paintbrush into the stain and let the excess drip off. Work in long back and forth strokes to evenly coat the table. Wipe off excess stain with a dry cloth to get a uniform finish. Let the stain dry for 8 hours before adding a second coat. Put your table on a painter's tarp so you don't spill stain on your floors. Paint the wood to make it a solid color. Put a thin coat of primer on the surface of your table so the paint can bond easier and stay true to its color. Allow the primer to dry for 1-2 hours before putting on any paint. Work in long back and forth strokes along the wood grain to evenly coat the table. Let the paint dry for at least 3-4 hours before applying a second coat. Paint your table a color to match other furniture in your room. Apply a polyurethane wood finish to the tabletop to protect it from moisture. Work in a well-ventilated area when applying the finish. Use a paintbrush and work with the grain of the table to seal the wood and prevent moisture from coming in. Let the polyurethane coat dry for an hour or 2 before applying a second coat. Polyurethane finish can be purchased at your local hardware store. 
Soak dried mushrooms. Cut up dried mushrooms first, if desired, so that they will rehydrate faster. Place the mushrooms into a bowl of lukewarm water. Let them soak for at least fifteen minutes, checking them occasionally. Strain them through a sieve once finished. The mushrooms are ready when they feel soft and pliable, and don't split easily when you bend them. If you want to save the soaking water, you can use it as a base for soup or sauce. Run the water through a coffee filter to remove any dirt. Clean fresh mushrooms. Wipe the mushrooms with a soft brush or damp cloth to clean off dirt. Avoid washing them unless you can't remove debris otherwise. If necessary, rinse them lightly and quickly, then pat them dry. If you see signs of insects, you can let the mushrooms sit in a bowl of salted water for at least fifteen minutes. Washing morel mushrooms can result in soggy texture. Slice the mushrooms. Cut the mushrooms lengthwise. Inspect them for any dirt or insects you may have missed (wipe them down again, if needed). Trim off the ends, as needed. Morel mushrooms are typically sauteed cut in half, but you can cut them in quarters or dice them, if desired. Don't wash the mushrooms before refrigerating them, or they will absorb too much water and can deteriorate. Toss the mushrooms in flour. Place a bowl of flour on your work surface. Wipe a mushroom with a damp paper towel. Coat the mushroom with flour by dipping and rolling it in the bowl. Set the coated mushroom aside. Repeat this for each mushroom. Add mushrooms to a skillet with melted butter. Place a skillet over medium heat. Add butter or margarine and allow it to melt. Then pour in the mushrooms. Sautee the mushrooms for three to four minutes. Occasionally stir them gently as they cook. The mushrooms are done when they are golden brown in color. Serve the mushrooms and store the leftovers. Morel mushrooms pair well with red meat like venison, steak, bison and antelope. They also blend nicely with chicken and rice or a creamy pasta. If you have any leftovers, refrigerate or freeze them. Refrigerate cooked mushrooms no more than two hours after cooking them. Place them in shallow, airtight containers or sealable plastic bags for up to three to five days. If it's past three days, look at them and smell them, and if you notice anything off, dispose of them. To freeze cooked morels, place them on a cookie sheet in the freezer and wait until they're frozen. Then transfer them to a sealable plastic bag. You can freeze them as long as you like, but for the best flavor eat them within ten to twelve months. Reheat morel mushrooms under the broiler in your oven until they are crisped and heated throughout. Heat oil in a skillet. Pour oil into a skillet and set the heat to high. Wait until the oil begins to shimmer. Add the mushrooms. Pour the mushrooms onto the hot oil. Stir the mushrooms and toss them occasionally. Cook them for about four minutes, or until they are well-browned. Leave the heat on high unless the oil begins to pop, in which case turn it down a bit so that it doesn't spatter. Add minced shallots and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium-high. Cook the vegetables for about forty-five seconds. Stir constantly, until the ingredients become fragrant. Add butter and the liquid ingredients. Pour in the soy sauce, chicken stock or water, and lemon juice. Cook, swirling the pan occasionally, until the liquid thickens to a creamy sauce that coats the morels (about a minute). Season the mushrooms. Remove the pan from heat. Stir in minced herbs of your choosing. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve the mushrooms as soon as they are cool enough to eat. For example, you may want to use minced chives, parsley or chervil. Refrigerate or freeze any leftovers. Refrigerate the mushrooms no more than two hours after cooking them. Use shallow, airtight containers or sealable plastic bags to store them in the refrigerator for up to three to five days. Freeze cooked morels by placing them on a cookie sheet in the freezer. Once they're frozen, transfer them to a sealable plastic bag. Reheat morel mushrooms under the broiler in your oven until they're crisped and heated throughout. If the morels have been refrigerated for over three days, look at them and smell them, and if you notice anything off, don't eat them. You can freeze morels as long as you like, but for the best flavor eat them within ten to twelve months. Acquire morel mushrooms in-season. Morel mushrooms can be found across the US, but are most plentiful in the midwest. Their peak season is short, and the timing depends on your region and the temperature. Thus, for accuracy, check the overnight and daytime temperatures to find out when morel mushrooms are in season in your region, particularly if you plan to look for them growing wild. These mushrooms grow when the overnight low temperature is above 60 °F (16 °C) for at least three nights in a row, and will continue growing until the daytime high temperature reaches 80 °F (27 °C) to 84 °F (29 °C) or higher for three consecutive days. For example, in the midwest peak season is the last week in April through the first week in May. In Alaska, peak season is mid-June to late July. In other areas, morel mushrooms may be found as early as March. Purchase morel mushrooms online or at a farmer’s market. Expect a hefty price, since morel mushrooms are a delicacy with a short growing season. However, purchasing them is generally safer and easier than hunting them down on your own. You can find dried morel mushrooms year-round, although they taste best fresh. For example, an ounce (30 g) of dried mushrooms costs about $35.95. Three ounces of dried mushrooms is the equivalent of about a pound (450 g) of fresh mushrooms. Fresh morel mushrooms typically cost between $30 to $75 a pound (450 g). Pick morel mushrooms yourself, at your own risk. Some species of mushrooms resemble morel mushrooms, so be careful and don't pick them if you're not sure. Bring an experienced person with you if you're new to picking mushrooms. Take a nylon mesh bag along to store the mushrooms in. Look in places where morel mushrooms typically grow. Morel mushrooms particularly like to grow near certain types of trees: cottonwood, ash, tulip poplars, oak, dead elm trees, and in fruit orchards that aren't well maintained. Try checking in forests with rich soil, slopes that face south, and near riverbeds. Consult with at least two field guides to verify that mushrooms are edible before eating them. Then eat just a small bit and wait a full 24 hours to make sure there are no negative effects before you eat larger amounts. Refrigerate fresh, unwashed mushrooms for two to three days. For the best taste, cook fresh mushrooms as soon as possible. If you must refrigerate them, wrap them in waxed paper or a paper bag. Refrigerate them between 34 °F (1 °C) to 35 °F (2 °C). Don't refrigerate morel mushrooms in plastic bags, which can cause deterioration. 
Define your bisexuality on your terms. The word bisexual means different things to different people. In general, it means being attracted to men and women. However, there are varying degrees of bisexuality. If you want to embrace your sexuality, spend some time thinking about what the label means to you. Sexuality is fluid and difficult to define. Understand that, when using the word bisexual, it's okay if it means something different to you than other people. You may be interested in both men and women sexually, but only men romantically. You may have always had sexual feelings for men and women, or you may have developed sexual feelings for a particular gender later in life. There is no right or wrong way to be bisexual. While there are some people that insist that 50/50 makes someone bisexual, this view does not match up with reality. While some people do experience equal levels of attraction, others do not. If you are bisexual, it's acceptable to define yourself however you want. Pay attention to yourself and your own feelings. It's okay if your definition of your bisexuality differs slightly from another person's bisexuality. Everyone is different. Ignore those who tell you to pick a side. Many people do not understand bisexuality. People may feel you should pick a side instead of dating both men and women. A common criticism bisexual people get is that they're indecisive or greedy. Ignore these criticisms. Remember, many people are attracted to both men and women. You cannot change your sexuality, and so it's impossible for you to simply choose between genders. If you feel attraction to both genders, you should not have to choose. Many bisexual people feel torn between the gay and straight community, as they do not feel quite one way or another. You don't have to choose between one gender or another, or one community or another. As the LGBT community gets more diverse, you can feel a full part of that even if you still feel sexual and romantic attraction to people of the opposite sex. If people tell you to pick sides, try to tune it out. Say something like, "I'm bisexual and attracted to both genders. I don't need to pick a side and it's actually not really possible for me to do that." Remember you do not have to compromise your sexuality. Unfortunately, there is still a stigma surrounding bisexuality. Some people do not believe bisexuality exists. Some people do not want to date bisexual people for fear of infidelity. Never play down or deny your bisexuality for the sake of others. You should not tolerate those who don't accept you for you. Never avoid labeling yourself or discussing your feelings of attraction for both men and women. Some people may express confusion, or even make offensive comments. However, it is not your job to make people like you. This is especially true if you have to hide your identity to fit in. True friends and allies will support you without question. You get to choose the people you spend time with and should not tolerate friends or romantic partners who do not offer support. Remember the world is always changing. Each time you identify as bisexual and refuse to compromise this, you're helping people around you be more aware and accepting. Understand that infidelity means being unfaithful to a partner you have agreed to have a committed, monogamous relationship with. Recite a personal mantra. Many people will try to tell you there's something wrong with you. There are people who feel any type of same-sex attraction is wrong. There are also people who feel it's greedy or selfish to pursue men and women. Some people may deny bisexuality exists altogether. Create a mantra for yourself that reminds you that bisexuality is not wrong and it's natural to be attracted to both genders. If you feel bad about your sexuality, remind yourself of this. Say something like, "I am bisexual, that is perfectly natural and valid, and there is nothing wrong with me." While no one knows precisely why and how sexuality develops, people have little control over feelings of physical and romantic attraction. Your sexuality is who you are. It's never an indication there is something wrong with you. Know you're not alone. It can sometimes help to remind yourself of how many other people identify the way you do. Coming out can sometimes be a lonely process, especially if a lot of your friends and family members are heterosexual. However, even if it feels like it at times, know that you are not alone in your feelings. There are thousands of people who identify as LGBT. A quick internet search for bisexuality is bound to find many resources where people discuss being bisexual and what it means for them. Remember, bisexual is LGBT, as the "B" stands for "bisexual." It may not seem like it just because, say, you're a bisexual female and you are dating a heterosexual male. You are still bisexual, you have not chosen males over females just because of this heterosexual male. Never feel like you're the only one who feels this way. Reminding yourself that there are thousands of bisexual people in the world can help you remember it's a valid identity. Work on liking yourself the way you are. You have a right to feel good about yourself. This can be difficult at times, as there's still a lot of stigma surrounding bisexuality. Try to work on building your self-esteem and embracing yourself for who you are. Seek out bi-positive people to talk to. Talk about your sexuality with supportive friends and family members. If there is an LGBT resource center in your community, try seeing if they have bisexual discussion groups. Remind yourself that you are okay. People may tell you it's wrong to be bisexual, but let them have their opinions while reminding yourself that you are happy and healthy. Your sexuality does not define your sense of self, self-esteem, or overall happiness. Accept there is no right way to be bisexual. Many people feel they should act a certain way if they identify as bisexual. You may, for example, feel you should be extra committed to monogamy because of stereotypes about bisexual people being prone to infidelity. However, remind yourself your sexuality is only one component of who you are. There is no right way to be bisexual, because every aspect of your behavior is not related to your sexuality. Some people who are bisexual prefer committed relationships. Other are polyamorous or prefer open relationships. Others are still dating around and uninterested in committing to a single person. This spectrum of romantic and sexual preferences exists for any sexual orientation. One's feelings about things like fidelity and monogamy are not related to whether they identify as straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, or any other orientation. Pursue whatever types of relationships you want and that will make you happy. If you want a monogamous relationship, be in a monogamous relationship. If you want an open relationship, be in an open relationship. You do not have to follow any rules regarding relationships or dating simply because you are bisexual. Open up about being bisexual. Don't feel pressured to talk about your sexuality, but understand that it can be a positive experience. You don't need to label yourself if you don't want to, and you don't have to choose between your faith and your sexuality. It may be helpful to read about how other people came out to their friends and family. You may also want to open up to one person and tell them you are bisexual. When you feel comfortable with that step, you can move on to telling others. Read online forums such as “Empty Closets,” which show how others handle coming out and other issues related to their bisexuality ( https://forum.emptyclosets.com/index.php?threads/advice-on-coming-out-to-parents-as-bisexual.259741/ ). Talk to others about your sexuality. If you want support, reach out to others. Let them know you're bisexual and explain to them what that means on your terms. Let them know what they can do to support you. Be direct when talking about your sexuality. For example, say something like, "I just wanted you to know I'm bisexual. I've dated men and women. A lot of people assume I'm straight, but I'm not."  Let the person know what they can do to help. Maybe you just need someone to vent your feelings to someone at times. It can be frustrating to be a part of a marginalized group. Maybe you just want people to watch about the assumptions they make. For example, "If I mention going on a date, I don't want you to assume that it was with a particular gender. It's okay to ask me if I was on a date with a man or a woman." You should also let people know if there are some people you don't want to know about your sexuality. It's okay if you don't want to tell everyone you're bi at first. Many people initially come out to a few close friends, so let people know if you're not ready to be out to everyone right now. For example, "Just so you know, I haven't told a lot of people yet. Can we keep this between us for now?" Share information with friends and family members about your sexuality. Not everyone will understand your sexuality right away. If people are confused or need more information, refer them to a website about bisexuality. You should also let them know they can feel free to ask you any questions they have about your orientation. You should encourage your friends to explore information about the LGBT community so they can better understand your feelings. Embrace your place in the LGBT community. Many bisexual people feel they don't have a place in the LGBT community, as they don't fit into a single category. However, if you are bisexual, you are on the LGBT spectrum. It's okay to identify as such, and participate in LGBT oriented events. This can help you find support. Remember, who you choose to date does not define your sexuality. If you're currently in a relationship with someone of different sex, you do not need to feel alienated from the LGBT community. You're still bisexual, regardless of your current relationships. Remember that your identity is valid. Do not feel like you're intruding by becoming involved in the LGBT community in your area. Learn about other bisexual people. You may feel support knowing there are well-known people who are bisexual. Learning and reading about others can help you normalize your own views about your sexuality. Research celebrities or famous people from the past, such as artists and authors, who were bisexual. This will make you feel your orientation is valid and one that many share. Attend support groups. Meeting more bisexual people can help you get advice on self-acceptance. Find a local group that is bi-inclusive. Go to conferences that centered bisexuality. Look for support groups online. Reaching out to other bisexual people can help you accept yourself. 
Get a plain t-shirt and wash to remove any shrinking. Even if the label on your shirt says "pre-shrunk," it would still be a good idea to wash it. This will remove any potential starch or stiffener that might prevent the paint from sticking properly. Set up your work area. Spread some newspaper on a table, and get anything that might get ruined out of the way. It might also be a good idea to have some paper towels (for blotting) and a cup of water (for rinsing the paintbrush) handy as well. Place a piece of cardboard inside the T-shirt. The cardboard should be about the same size as the shirt. You want it to slip inside the shirt easily without stretching it. This will prevent the paint from bleeding onto the back of the shirt. You can also use a folded up newspaper for this. Even an old magazine or catalogue will do in a pinch. Paint your design using fabric paint. If you are nervous about free-handing the design, you can always trace your design first using a stencil and a permanent marker, and then fill it in. Consider using a few paintbrushes in different shapes and sizes; a flat brush will give you some nice, crisp edges while a pointy brush is great for detail. If you want your design to have multiple colors, such as a smiles face, do the background color first. Let the paint dry, then do the details. Try to get paint brushes meant for painting fabric. They usually have stiffer bristles made from taklon. Avoid natural brushes, such as camel hair, as they will be too soft to hold the thick paint and create nice designs. Let the paint dry. If you'd like, you can speed up the drying process by blowing the paint with a hair dryer. Do not remove the cardboard inside the shirt until the paint is completely dry. Once the paint dries, you can flip it around and paint the back as well. Keep the cardboard inside the shirt and let the paint dry. Remove the cardboard. If the paint is sticking to the cardboard, don't panic. Simply wiggle your finger between the shirt and the cardboard to pry it apart. Discard the cardboard when you are done, or save it for another project. Finished.  Wash your shirt. This will remove any potential shrinking and starch. It will make the paint stick to the shirt better. Set up your work area. Cover up your table with lots of newspaper. You might also want to have some paper towels, cups filled with water, and paper plates (or palettes) handy. Place a sheet of cardboard inside your t-shirt. This will keep the paint front transferring to the back of the shirt. If you don't have any cardboard, you can also use a folded up newspaper or an old magazine. Be sure to smooth out any wrinkles. Position your stencil, and make sure that it is secure. You can use a fabric painting stencil, a regular stencil, or you can make your own out of thin plastic, freezer paper, or cardstock. You can even use painter's tape to create geometric designs! Make sure that the stencil is laying flat against the shirt, or the paint will bleed under the edges. If you are using a stencil meant for painting fabric, it will likely have a sticky back. All you have to do is smooth it down. If you are using a regular stencil, or if you made your own, coat the back of the stencil with repositionable adhesive spray, then press the stencil down. If you are using freezer paper, iron the paper shiny-side-down onto the t-shirt. Peel it away after you paint the shirt. Squirt the paint out onto a paper plate. If you'd like to work with multiple colors, it might be a good idea to use a larger plate, or a several smaller plates—one for each color. Dab your foam brush into the paint. You can also apply the paint using a mini paint roller (preferably rubber). Lastly, you can also use a paintbrush. This will be great for delicate stencils. Tap the paint onto the stencil. Keep dabbing and tapping until you get the coverage you want. If you are using a paint roller, simply roll it on. Try to work inwards, going from the stencil's edges towards the middle. This will prevent the paint from accidentally leaking under the stencil. Remove the stencil before the paint dries. Fabric paint will form a thick layer as it dries, and if you remove it too late, you will run the risk of the paint tearing. Let the paint dry completely, then set the paint using a clothing iron, if desired. This will give you a longer lasting design. Place a piece of cotton fabric over the design, then press an iron over it. Remove the cardboard from inside the shirt. Now your shirt is ready to wear and show off! Wash your t-shirt to remove any shrinking. Even if your shirt says "pre-shrunk" on it, it would still be a good idea to wash it. T-shirts are also coated with a starchy material to help them lay more smoothly in the store. This starchy material can prevent paint from sticking. Tuck a folded up newspaper or cardboard inside the shirt. This will keep the spray paint from bleeding onto the back of the shirt. The newspaper or cardboard should be big enough to fit inside the shirt without stretching it. Be sure to smooth out any wrinkles of ripples. Position your stencil, and secure, if necessary. You can use a stencil meant for fabric painting, or a regular stencil. You can also make your own out of thin plastic, freezer paper, or cardstock. You can even use painter's tape to create chevron stripes! Make sure that the stencil is laying flat against the fabric. If it isn't, the paint will seep under the edges and create a blurred design. If you are using a fabric painting stencil, it will probably have a sticky back. Simply press it onto the shirt and smooth it down. If you are using a regular stencil, or if you made your own, spray the back of the stencil with repositionable adhesive spray, then press it down onto the shirt. If you are using freezer paper, simply place the stencil shiny-side-down onto the shirt, then run a clothing iron over it. Move to a well-ventilated area and get set up. Ideally, you should work outside, but if you can't, a large room with lots of open windows might do. Cover your work area with lots of newspaper, and put on some old clothes or an apron. Lastly, consider putting on a pair of plastic gloves; spray painting can get messy. If you are working indoors and start to feel lightheaded, take a break and go outside for some fresh air. Spray the shirt. Shake the can for 30 to 60 seconds first, then hold it 6 to 8 inches (15.24 to 20.32 centimeters) away from the stencil. Spray the paint on using a long, sweeping motion. Don't worry if the paint is not thick enough. You can always do another layer or two. Consider spraying the design using clear sealer first. This will give you better control over the paint and prevent it from soaking into the fabric. Be sure to let the sealer dry before applying the paint. Let the paint dry for 15 minutes before doing a second coat. You can speed up the drying process with a hairdryer.  Once the paint is dry, spray on a second coat; you should see the paint going on thicker now. If you'd like, you can do a partial layer instead using a different color for a tie-dye effect. Let the paint dry for another 10 to 15 minutes before removing the stencil and newspaper/cardboard. Be very careful when removing the stencil, as some of the paint might still be wet, especially towards the edges. Unlike with fabric paint, you can let spray paint dry before removing the stencil. This is because spray paint doesn't form a thick layer that might tear—like fabric paint does. Let the shirt finish drying for a few more minutes. Once the shirt is dry, you can pull the cardboard out and wear your shirt. 
Open your iPhone's Settings . You'll usually find this app on the home screen. Tap your Apple ID. It's at the top of the menu (the option with your name). Tap iCloud. Your iCloud settings will appear. Tap iCloud Backup. A pop-up message will appear, warning you that if you proceed, your iPhone will no longer sync automatically with iTunes. Tap OK.  Tap Backup now. Your iPhone's data, including your text messages, will now back up to iCloud. Turn on the new iPhone. You'll be greeted with the “Hello” screen. If you have already set up your new iPhone, you'll need to reset it before you can proceed. Here's how: Open your iPhone's Settings. Tap General. Tap Reset. Tap Erase all content and settings. Follow the on-screen prompts to rest your iPhone. Follow the on-screen instructions until you reach the Wi-Fi screen.  Join a Wi-Fi network. Tap the network you want to join, then enter the access code if required. Tap Restore from iCloud backup.  Sign in to iCloud. Use the same account you used to back up your previous iPhone. Select the latest backup. If you've only backed up your data once, it will be the only available option. This will start the backup. Stay connected to the internet throughout the entire restore process. This ensures that all of your data is restored, including photos, apps, and text messages. 
Measure the area where you want to hang the pot rack. You want to make sure you select a pot rack that fits in the space you have chosen. Before purchasing a pot rack, get a tape measure and measure the area where you're planning to hang the rack. Most people hang pot racks somewhere in the kitchen, often above a stove or counter. See how much space you have and select a pot rack that will fit within that space. Use a stud finder to locate the ceiling joists. After measuring your area, you'll need to find ceiling joists. These are horizontal supporting members above your ceiling. You will need to install screws to fasten the pot rack into the ceiling joists. A dry wall ceiling, on its own is not strong enough to support a pot rack. To find ceiling joists, you can use a stud finder, which you can purchase at any hardware store. A stud finder is a small handheld device that you run across a surface like a wall or ceiling. When a stud or joist is located, the stud finder usually lights up or makes a noise. Run your stud finder along the ceiling until you locate a ceiling joist. When it lights up, you've found a joist. You should find at least two joists, as you'll be drilling four or more holes in a rectangular shape to hang your pot rack. If you don't have ceiling joists, you'll need to use anchors to attach the rack to your ceiling. Mark the location of the joists. Once you've located the ceiling joists, mark their location. You can use a pencil or place a line of masking tape running along the joists. Place your rack on a piece of cardboard. Take your pot rack out of the its box. Get a large piece of cardboard and place the rack on top of the cardboard. Make sure the piece of cardboard is big enough to fit the entire rack. Make holes on the cardboard where the chains will be hung. From here, you want to basically create a template of the rack on the cardboard. You will use this template as a guide to drill holes in your ceiling. Trace the outline of the rack with a pencil. There should be four or more hooks on your pot rack, which is where the chains are hung to secure the rack from the ceiling. Mark where the hooks are located on the cardboard. Use a sharp object, such as a knife or a pair of scissors, to make a small hole where each chain will be hung. Place the cardboard against the ceiling and mark where the holes should go. Take your cardboard template and place it against the ceiling. Make sure to line the template up on the ceiling so the holes fall on the ceiling joists. Use a pencil to lightly mark where you'll be drilling. Drill the holes. Remove the template from the ceiling. Now, you can drill four holes into the ceiling. You will probably need to use a power drill to drill the holes. If you don't have one, you can purchase one at a local hardware store or borrow one from a friend. You will need to insert an appropriate sized drill bit into your power drill. Refer to the instructions manual that came with your pot rack to see what size drill bit you need. There is no standard size drill bit for hanging pot racks. In depends on your specific rack. Once you've drilled the holes, you can screw the hooks that came with the pot rack into the ceiling. You may be able to get by using a screw driver, but if the hooks don't go in easily, use pliers to give yourself a better grip. Attach the chains and hang the rack. Once you've drilled the holes, the process of hanging the pot rack is fairly quick. Attach the chains to the hooks. Then, lift your pot rack up and attach it to the chains. Pot racks can sometimes be very heavy. You may have to get someone to assist you in lifting the pot rack. Get toggle wall anchors. Sometimes, you may be unable to find ceiling joists where you want to hang the pot rack. In this case, you can use toggle bolts to secure the pot rack. These are bolts that anchor through dry wall, allowing you to hang the rack without the support of joists. Toggle bolts are a type of anchor recommended for hanging a pot rack as they can support a fair amount of weight and are fairly easy to install. Most hardware stores sell toggle bolts. Check how much weight toggle bolts can support before making a purchase. It should say on the package how much weight a specific type of toggle bolt can hold. Make sure the bolts are strong enough to support your pot rack. It's a good idea to use anchors that will hold a lot more weight than you thing you'll need. For this to be accurate, you will need to also determine the type of ceiling you have. Some ceilings are 1/2 inch thick dry wall, others 5/8 inch, the latter will hold much more weight than the former. Other ceilings may not be suitable for any installation, such as acoustic tile. Mark where the pot rack will be hung. In order to install a toggle bolt, you'll first need to see where the chains on the rack will be hung. To do so, lay your pot rack on a piece of cardboard. Trace the rack, making a template. Mark where the chains fall and use a sharp object, like a pair of scissors or a knife, to cut small holes where the chains fall. Place your template against the spot on the ceiling where you intend to hang the rack. Use a pencil to draw a small dot where each chain will fall. Place any hinges or brackets on the bolt. Your pot rack's hooks should come with some kind of bracket or hinges that the hooks or chains attach to. You should be able to stick one end of the toggle bolt into these hinges or brackets. Make sure to do so before installing the toggle nut. Drill a hole large enough for the toggle hinge to pass through. The toggle opens and closes, like a pair of scissors. The idea behind a toggle bolt is that you'll push the toggle through the wall when it's closed. Then, it will open on the other side of the dry wall, anchoring itself to the ceiling. You want to drill a hole in the drywall big enough that the toggle can pass through closed. You should refer to the instructions on your toggle bolt package to figure out the precise size hole you'll need. Then, drill a hole of that size into your ceiling. Pinch the toggle arms together and press the closed toggle through the hole. Once you've drilled your hole, pinch the toggle to get it to get it to close. Press the closed toggle all the way through the dry wall. Listen to hear the toggle open inside the ceiling. You should hear a faint click when the toggle pushes through the ceiling. This noise indicates that the toggle has opened up above the ceiling. This process is vital as, once the toggle is opened, it can be anchored against the wall. Pull out until the toggle presses against the inside wall. Now, you can pull the bolt out of the wall. Keep pulling until you feel the bolt stop. Once it stops, this means the toggle is pressed against the dry wall. Tighten the bolt against the bracket, securing the toggle against the top of the ceiling dry wall. Now, use a screw driver or a pair of pliers to screw the bolt into the toggle nut. Keep screwing until the bolt is pressed tightly against the drywall ceiling. This will secure the toggle to the dry wall, anchoring the bolt to the ceiling. Attach the pot rack's hook onto the bracket you installed with the toggle bolt. Now that your toggle is safely installed in the ceiling, you can screw your pot rack's hooks onto the toggle bolt. How you screw on the hooks varies from pot rack to pot rack, and depends on the types of brackets or hinges that came with your pot rack. Refer to the instructions that came with your rack. Hang your pot rack. Once the hooks are secure, hang the pot rack up on your wall. Toggle bolts are strong enough to hold a lot of weight. If you installed toggle bolts properly, your pot rack should hang securely from your ceiling. Do not nail a pot rack into the dry wall without an anchor. You should never nail a pot rack into dry wall. Dry wall cannot carry a lot of weight. If you simply nail a pot rack into dry wall, as you would nail it into a ceiling joist, the rack will inevitably fall. This can cause a lot of damage to your ceiling and kitchen and potentially hurt a pet or person standing near the rack when it falls. Always use ceiling anchors when attaching a pot rack to dry wall. Wear safety goggles. You should wear safety googles throughout the process of hanging up a pot rack. Safety goggles can protect your eyes from small bits of paint or debris that may fall from the ceiling during the installation process. Keep extra weight in mind. When checking how much weight a toggle can hold, do not just consider the weight of the pot rack on its own. Remember, you'll be hanging pots and pans from your pot rack. Make sure the toggle bolt can hold more weight than the total weight of the pot rack. 
Select at least three types of vegetables per feeding, including one high in vitamin A. Each type of vegetable will give your bunny different nutrients, ensure she eats a variety of veggies, and will allow her to practice different chewing motions. Your bunny's teeth are constantly growing, so helping her work her teeth will help with grinding. Good vegetables for your bunny include: Collard greens (high in vitamin A) Beet greens (the tops, high in vitamin A) Lettuce: Romaine, Red or Green leaf (no iceberg or light colored leaf) Spinach Parsley Basil Mint Bok Choy Dandelion leaves Mustard greens Pea pods (just the pods) Brussels sprouts Swiss chard Broccoli (the leaves and stems) Cilantro Dill The green part of carrots Celery leaves Watercress Avoid overfeeding your bunny certain vegetables. Some vegetables can be harmful if your bunny eats too much over a short period of time, or if she develops a build-up of certain nutrients in her body. Vegetables like kale, parsley, mustard greens and spinach should be fed sparingly to your bunny as they are high in oxalates and goitrogens. Vegetables such as eggplants, potatoes, and tomato plant leaves are toxic to rabbits and should not be fed to them under any circumstances. Use carrots and fruits as treats. The image of a bunny munching on a pile of carrots is in fact an unhealthy one, as carrots are high in sugar and oxalate, the later can encourage bladder stone formation. Carrots should only be used as treats for your bunny. Give your bunny a ½ inch of carrot to chew no more than once every other day to prevent a build-up of sugar in her diet. Bunnies also enjoy sugar and are prone to eating sugary foods over healthy ones. Fruits are also high in natural sugar and sugary fruits like bananas and grapes should only be given to your bunny as occasional treats. Limit your bunny's fruit consumption to one to two tablespoons per 5 lbs of bunny weight and go for high fiber fruits like apples, blueberries, oranges (no peel), papaya, and pineapple. Wash all vegetables before giving them to your rabbit. This will clean the vegetables and remove any pesticides or harmful chemicals on the surface of the vegetables. If possible, choose organic produce to avoid exposing your bunny to harmful pesticides. Give your rabbit a daily serving of vegetables based on her body weight. The standard formula is a minimum of one cup of vegetables a day for each 4 lbs. of body weight. Most bunnies weigh around 5-8 lbs. Determine the weight of your bunny and then use the formula to determine the amount of veggies you should be feeding your bunny. Introduce greens one at a time. This will allow you to check for any sensitivities in your rabbit, and avoid shocking her system. Begin with only a small amount of a green, and watch for any intestinal issues in your bunny, such as diarrhea or soft stools. Rabbits also have individual likes and dislikes when it comes to taste so if your bunny isn't interested in a certain vegetable, make note of it and replace it with a vegetable she might prefer. Create a balanced salad for your bunny. Start by building a balanced salad for each feeding, with a base of green leaf, romaine, or butter lettuce, and two other herbs or greens, one of which contains vitamin A. For example, you may try a salad of romaine lettuce, spinach, and mint. See how your bunny reacts to this salad, and if she responds well, continue to feed her a variation of this salad, switching out the spinach with beet greens or collard greens. After several feedings, replace the base with another lettuce and a different vitamin A rich vegetable. Maintain your bunny’s diet with hay and pellets. Fresh hay is the most important element of your bunny's diet, as it is high in fiber and good for your bunny's digestive system. Your rabbit's diet should consist of mostly fresh hay, vegetables, fresh pellets, and fresh water. Give adult rabbits timothy, grass, and oat hays, and give younger rabbits alfalfa hay. Avoid giving adult rabbits alfalfa, as it is too high in protein, calcium, and sugar. If your rabbit is new to veggies, try cutting them into small pieces and mixing them in with her hay or pellets. Your bunny may not notice them among her hay and will likely end up enjoying them. 
Pack sandwiches or wraps. A school lunch should include every food group and sandwiches and wraps are a perfect way to get started. Branch out from plain peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and use healthier ingredients like meat, cheese, and vegetables. Try some of these: Use whole grain breads and tortillas for the healthiest outcome. Meat, cheese, and eggs work well together.. A cheesy egg bagel and a breakfast burrito are just as delicious at lunch time. Grilled chicken with lettuce and bell peppers, topped with dressing. Bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich. Also known as “BLT”, these three ingredients can make a delicious sandwich when combined. If meats and cheeses are out of the question due to your lifestyle, do not fret. Equally nutritious sandwiches or wraps can be made from vegetables, nut butters, beans, and tofu. Make some soup. Soups are a diverse food that are easy to pack and make. They are also a healthy source of nutrients and can be reheated once your child gets to school. Pack the soup in a thermos or other waterproof container, that way it can't leak! Try these combinations out: Classic chicken noodle soup. Combine chicken broth with flat noodles and cooked chicken. Tomato soup. Also include a grilled cheese sandwich for dipping. Cream of vegetable soup. Include some crackers to break up and sprinkle in. Bean and ham soup. Combine navy beans, ham, and assorted vegetables. Combine Mirepoix with some meat. Mirepoix is a common mixture all around the world of equal parts onion, carrot, and celery. Use it as a base to form a hearty stew with any additional ingredients. Pack some pasta or rice. On their own, rice and pasta are filling and easy to make, but they are rather lacking when it comes to key nutrients. Combine them with meat or vegetable sauces to make a unique and filling meal that can take many forms: Macaroni and cheese. This familiar dish can be combined with sliced ham, hot dogs, or even baked beans to make it more nutritious and filling. Spaghetti. Regular noodles can be combined with marinara or alfredo sauce and meatballs. Mix it up by using different kinds of noodles with crazy shapes or cheese filled noodles like tortellini. Stir fry. This dish can be a bit tricky to learn, but is definitely worth it. Fry up some chicken or beef with carrots, onions, broccoli, peppers and peas then serve on top of white rice. Add whole fruits. They contain valuable nutrients like vitamin C and potassium that are important to a balanced diet. Whole fruits like apples, oranges, pears, peaches, and plums can also be replaced by smaller bunches of berries like strawberries or blueberries. Fruits should be placed last into the lunch, that way they do not get squished.. While bananas are very healthy, they have a tendency to make nearby food taste like bananas too (even when in a sealed containers). Consider leaving them out unless you really like the taste of bananas. Pack peeled and sliced fruits. Sliced fruits will not last as whole fruits, but they are much easier for your child to eat during a limited lunch period. You can cut up a melon, pineapple, or even deseed a pomegranate to make a refreshing treat. They should be packed in a sealed plastic bag or container to preserve them longer. Pack sliced vegetables and dip. Carrots, celery, cherry tomatoes, and cucumbers are all easily prepared and include an important variety of nutrients. While tasty on their own, you can also include some kind of dip like dressing, hummus, or peanut butter to make them taste even better. Include nut mixes. Nuts like almonds, pistachios, cashews, and peanuts contain protein and healthy omega-3 fatty acids. Not only do nuts provide nutrition and make your child feel more full, they can also function as a crunchy snack food for munching that is healthier than chips or candy. Avoid unhealthy snacks. Chips, candy, and microwave popcorn all seem like easy lunch fillers, but they contain very little nutritional value. While you should not pack them often, feel free to occasionally surprise your child with tasty treats for special occasions or just to add a little variety. Pack a water bottle. Water bottles are a convenient alternative to getting up throughout the day and going to a drinking fountain. Encourage your child to drink lots of water because it has many health benefits, including keeping them more awake at school. You can include this in either a backpack or the lunch itself. Consider milk and 100% juice drinks. Both regular and non-dairy milk are healthy inclusions in a balanced lunch. Fruit and vegetable juice drinks are great too, just make sure that you can find “100% Juice” written on them somewhere, as those are far healthier than regular juice drinks. Avoid sugary drinks. Sodas, energy drinks, and even sweetened ice tea all contain far more sugar than your child needs to be consuming. These drinks can lead to early tooth decay, weight gain, and an energy crash later in the day. This does not mean you should never include them in a lunch, just save them for special occasions to surprise your child and add some variety. 
Consider the things the parent says to their child. A toxic parent will make their child feel bad about themselves. They might criticize their child constantly and harshly, and many toxic parents are dismissive of their child and the child's accomplishments. A toxic parent is very negative and may often yell at their child. However, more sophisticated toxic parents may be more subtle in the way that they criticize and abuse their child. They may deliver criticism along with niceties or in a deceptively sweet way. One classic example of this is when a child brings home a good grade on a test. The child might say, “Look! I got an A- on my math test!” A toxic parent might respond with, “Well, why didn't you get an A+?” This undermines the child's hard work and leaves the child feeling that the parent is disappointed in them. Understand that a toxic parent demands their child’s attention. Children of toxic parents often end up being the parent in situations where the toxic person wants the attention of their child. This is most likely to occur when the parent is feeling upset or worried about something. Unfortunately, most children are not ready to deal with the responsibility of their parent's happiness, nor should they be. A parent's biggest responsibility towards their child is to care for the child, not the other way around. Recognize that toxic parents are selfish. A toxic parent isn't able to set aside their ego when arguing with their child. Instead, they might give their child the silent treatment until the child begs for forgiveness. A toxic parent doesn't care about how their child feels, they care about how they feel. This can be difficult for a child to deal with, especially at a young age because they don't have the ability to understand why their parent is behaving this way. For many toxic parents, this also means that they feel they need to control everyone else. In order to be happy, a toxic person needs to get what they want, so they aren't afraid to make other people (their children included) feel bad in order to get what they want. They also might not even be able to identify other people's emotions and be unaware that their behavior is having a negative effect on other people. Remember that a toxic parent is very negative. Everyone gets in a negative mood at some point or another, but a toxic parent rarely says anything positive. A toxic parent will usually take this to the other extreme. Nearly everything that comes out of their mouth will be a complaint about something. Many of those things will be a complaint about their child or children, and they won't be afraid to let the child hear it. Negativity breeds negativity. A child who grows up around a parent who is constantly negative will likely develop the same attitude. On top of that, they will feel bad about themselves because they heard so many negative things about themselves from their parent. Keep in mind that some toxic parents will be perfectly pleasant with everyone except for their children. Look for signs of explicit abuse. Though it may not always be the case, a toxic parent is likely abusing their child verbally to some degree. In some cases, this may be constantly criticizing the child, or it may be more complex mind games that make the child feel that they are a bad person. In some cases, the abuse may go further. A toxic parent may physically or sexually abuse their child. Hitting a child in any way (including spanking) is physical abuse. When it comes to children, any form of sexual touching is considered sexual abuse. If you suspect that the child of someone you know is being abused, you should contact the authorities, even if you aren't sure. Some signs to watch for include sudden changes in behavior, extreme withdrawal, acting out or attention-seeking, appearing disheveled or unclean, and wearing clothing that is not weather-appropriate. It is better to be safe than sorry when it comes to a situation such as this. You can contact the police, child protective services (CPS), or the National Domestic Violence Hotline (1-800-799-7233) if you need help finding the right people to contact. If you are a child who is being abused, tell someone. You can tell a teacher at school that you trust, or you can call the police. If you are too afraid to do either of those, you can also call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE (1-800-799-7233). They also have a website where you can live chat with someone if you don't want to call. The website is http://www.thehotline.org/help/. Give yourself a safe space to vent. When you have to live with a toxic parent, it can be really difficult to deal with the emotions that come with that. You might feel very angry about the situation. Having a place to let off steam is a good way to deal with the negative emotions that come along with that. One great way to do this is by journalling , but make sure to keep your journal in a secure location where your parent will not find it. You can do this is a written diary, or you can type a document on the computer if you prefer. In the journal, you can write anything you want. If you want to, you can use the journal to identify negative patterns that might help you deal with your toxic parent. Write down events that affect you, and think about how you might be able to deal with these types of events in the future. In the journal, try to write down positive things about yourself, too. If your parent is making you feel bad about yourself, it is important to give yourself reminders that you are not a bad person. You might make mistakes, but so does everyone else. Each day, try to write down one thing that you did that was good. It may seem silly, but it can have a huge impact on the way you see yourself. You can also ask friends and family members to add to this list. It can be uplifting to hear positive things about yourself from other people. Just make sure to avoid any family members who your parent may have influenced with a narrative about you because their view of you may be skewed. Remember that it isn’t your fault. Toxic people are often very difficult to be around. They seem to have a talent for spreading negativity and often leave everyone feeling bad about themselves. Unfortunately, many toxic people are the way they are because they grew up around toxic people. The way your parent behaves is not your fault. You should be proud of yourself for recognizing that your parent is toxic. This gives you a chance to break the cycle because you understand that your parent's negativity has nothing to do with you. You should also remember that the only person you can control is yourself. As a child, it isn't your responsibility to keep your parent happy; however, you are not living in a healthy parent-child relationship. In this case, the only thing you can do is take care of your own behaviors and your reactions. Thus, it might be helpful to write down ways in which you can handle situations in your journal. Write down past reactions, too. How might you have reacted better? This is not an exercise in self-loathing, rather it is a proactive way to try to give yourself a bit more control over the situation. Reach out to people you trust. You could try to talk to your toxic parent about your feelings, but it may not do much good, especially if they don't recognize their own toxicity. The next best thing you can do is to reach out to a trusted adult friend or family member who can help you deal with the situation. Reaching out to a counselor is another good option and you can provide your parent with a “safe” reason for wanting to talk with a therapist. Whoever you choose, talk to them about how your parent makes you feel, and ask if they have any advice. This is also a good idea because another adult may be able to act as a mediator between you and your parent. Having another adult present if you want to talk to your parent can be helpful because the parent is less likely to simply brush you off, saying that you are a kid and that you don't know anything. Leave if necessary. Unfortunately, if you are under the age of 18 and living with a toxic parent, you may just have to deal with the situation as best you can. However, if you are living with a parent who is abusive in any way (emotionally, physically, or sexually), you need to leave immediately. There is no justification for abuse, and there is no reason that you should stay. Go to a friend or trusted family members house. If you have nowhere to go, try going to a neighbor's house. If you are being abused, you should contact the authorities immediately. If you are afraid to call the police, you can also contact the National Domestic Violence Hotline by phone at 1-800-799-SAFE (1-800-799-7233). You can also go to their website at http://www.thehotline.org/help/ to chat with a representative. This is completely confidential, and they can give you advice on what to do, where to go, and who to call. Distance yourself from the relationship. When it comes to dealing with toxic parents (or toxic people in general), the best thing you can do for yourself is to distance yourself from them, whether you are the child of that person or an outside person. It may not be possible to cut off all contact with them, but you can do your best to stay out of their path. If you are over the age of 18, you are legally an adult. You can leave your parent's home and never look back if you want. If you do hope to maintain a relationship with your toxic parent, you could consider explaining to the parent why you're distancing yourself. This might encourage your parent to get the help they need; however, you should also be prepared for a parent who has no interest in changing. Make sure to evaluate whether or not cutting off your relationship with the parent is worth it or if you would miss the relationships that you might lose in the process, such as with your other parent and/or siblings. It may be worth it to stay in the relationship to better maintain these other relationships. In some cases, it may be best for you to cut off all contact with your parent. Especially if it is clear that they have no interest in doing anything differently. Go out and find people that treat you well and make them your family. Many people find friends that they treat as family. This may be painful, but in the long run, you will likely be happier and healthier for it. Understand that there may not be much you can do. Whether you are a child of an abusive parent or someone close to the family who sees what is going on, it is important to realize that there may not be much you can do to change the situation. The only person that you have any control over is yourself. A toxic person will only change when they recognize the error of their ways, and if they are ready to put in the work to change the way they think and behave. Unfortunately, not many people have this kind of self-awareness. If you are a close family friend, you could try talking to the toxic parent about what your concerns, but this will be a difficult conversation, and the parent may end up just pushing you out of their lives. If you suspect that the child is being abused, it is safer for everyone involved if you contact CPS or the police about the matter, rather than trying to deal with the matter yourself. Keep in mind that emotional abuse can be hard to prove if there is no physical or sexual abuse as well. Keep a list of anything you have observed as evidence that emotional abuse is occurring. If you don't think you can talk to them about it, you could try being the child's ally. If it is appropriate, you can give the child the encouragement they need to feel loved and appreciated. Having at least one person in their life that is positive will be better than nothing. Try to remember that they are human. It can be really difficult to feel any empathy for a toxic person. Indeed, they make it very difficult. Try to remind yourself that this toxic person is a human being, who is likely in a lot of pain, whether they realize it or not. Remember that this pain they are feeling has nothing to do with you. Remembering this can give you a dose of compassion that might make it just a bit easier to deal with them when you have to. That said this doesn't mean that you have to stick around dealing with them all of the time, nor is it an excuse for their behavior. If you are becoming depressed trying to deal with a toxic parent, it is OK to walk away. Your own well-being should be your top priority. 
Establish why you want to ignore your sibling. There are many different reasons you may want to ignore your brother or sister. If you're simply busy and need to focus, be sure to explain that to your sibling and make it clear you aren't ignoring your sibling out of anger. If your sibling is doing something annoying, first ask your sibling to stop. If your sibling has done something seriously wrong to you, try to first resolve the conflict. If your sibling's offense is frequent or especially damaging, long-term avoidance may be your best course of action. Decide on the degree your sibling needs to be ignored. Your reason for ignoring your sibling will decide to what level you will need to take it. If your sibling has done something wrong to you, you may want to give him or her the silent treatment to get your message across. If you are just trying to focus, acknowledge your sibling whenever he or she enters the room or attempts to contact you. Just try to keep from starting a long conversation. Think of alternative actions you can take. Open communication is important for all healthy relationships, including familial ones. When you ignore a sibling, you are destroying the ability for you both to communicate. Explore other ways of resolving the issue by first trying to talk with your sibling. If necessary, involve your parents. If you need advice on what to do, ask a friend, counselor, therapist, or someone else you trust for help. For when you're trying to concentrate, tell your sibling something like: "I really need to study for this test. Could you try being a little more quiet or move to a different room?" or "I'm sorry if I've been ignoring you lately. I have a major project coming up and need to focus." For when your sibling is doing something annoying: "Clicking that pen constantly is bothering me. Could you please stop it?" For when a sibling has hurt you: "I don't know if you realize this, but what you did was extremely hurtful. I need to know you understand that and won't do it again." Get out of the house more. If you're trying to study or work, bring your laptop or books with you to a public place. Many people go to libraries, cafes, and parks when they need to focus. If you have a car, simply driving to a parking lot or a garage can be the escape you need. If you're avoiding your sibling for other reasons, try going for walks or hanging out with friends more often. Try your best to make yourself busy outside of your home. Lock your bedroom door. If you have your own bedroom, locking the door is the best way to ensure your privacy, if you're allowed to. This will cut down on any unwanted intrusions into your space. This is especially important if your sibling has a bad habit of not knocking or is too young to realize that it's the polite thing to do. Wear headphones or earplugs. This is your best option if you share a room or will be with your sibling on a long car ride. If you use headphones, just be careful not to raise the volume too loud or you may damage your ears. Active noise-cancelling headphones can block out noise without the need for high volumes. Reduce stress through deep breathing exercises. Deep breathing exercises work to relax you and may be a great help if you find yourself getting angry or annoyed at your sibling. Inhale slowly through your nose while mentally counting to five. Exhale slowly through your nose. Repeat this until you're calm enough that your sibling no longer bothers you. Unfollow your sibling on social media. If you're trying to focus, stay away from social media altogether. If you are temporarily ignoring your sibling, most websites, including Facebook, let you keep people's posts off of your feed without needing to unfriend them. Unfriending on social media can cause drama that strains relationships in real life. Leave that as a last resort for long-term or permanent issues. Avoid answering the phone. If you see your sibling's phone number pop up when your cell phone rings, let it go to voicemail. Avoid hitting the "Silence" button, as in many cases the caller will know you did so. If your sibling leaves a message, be sure to listen as soon as possible in case of an emergency. Keep text messages brief. Unless your sibling has seriously wronged you, don't ignore text messages completely. However, you don't have to reply to them immediately. Make your own messages short and to the point. 
Run the barcode. The box should have a label that includes shoe size, country of production, and a barcode. Use your phone to scan the barcode. The barcode should correspond to the type of shoe in the box. To scan a barcode with your phone, go to the app store that corresponds with your phone. Search for barcode reader apps. Some reliable programs include ShopSavvy and ScanLife. When you are ready to scan a barcode, open the app and use the camera on your phone to run it. If there is no label, the shoes are fake. Check the price. Vans are almost always at least $40 per pair. If someone is selling new Vans for less than that, they are likely fake. Check for package paper. There should be paper inside the box to protect the shoes from getting scuffed up. If there is no paper, the shoes are likely fake. See if the box closes correctly. Even the boxes on Vans shoes are well made. There should be a locking mechanism. A tab on the top of the box will be inserted on the inside of the box, holding it closed. Cheap imitations often have no locking mechanism. The top will drape over the bottom of the box, with nothing holding it in place. Compare paper tags. Each pair of Vans shoes should come with a paper tag tied on to it, sporting the company logo. If you have a real pair on hand, compare the size and font of the paper tags. Fake Vans will often have bigger paper tags. Check out reviews for the dealer. Look up the dealer's name or business online. See if reviews for the dealer are positive. Be sure that the dealer has published their contact information. If they are unwilling to share their phone number or physical address, they might be fake. Look for three trademarks. There should be a trademark made of paper on the side of the shoe. There should be another, printed on the plastic on the back of the shoe. There should be one last trademark on the insole. Check for errors in the trademark. The logos should all be spelled correctly. Compare the font on the logos to the font on other Vans shoes that you know are real. The color the trademark is printed in can vary, but the font should always be the same. The “V” should have a long line extending out of its right edge. The “ans" should be under the line. Look for a dark, well-made logo on the insole. On many fake Vans' shoes, the logo on the insole will be faded. The real one will be well colored in, bright, and easy to read. Check the bottom pattern on the sole. Real Vans have an interlocking patterns of two different shapes: rhomboids and diamonds. There should be a three letter country code printed in one of the rhomboids. The three letter country code should correspond to a code on the sticker on the inside of the box. Examine the stitching. Real Vans have tight, even stitching. If there is double stitching, with two stiches in one hole, then the shoes are likely not real. Similarly, if any of the stitching patterns are not straight or the holes are at irregular distances, the shoes are likely fake. Feel for firm laces. The laces on the shoes should be firm to the touch. Fake shoes will often have very soft laces. Check the rubber collar on the toe. Vans shoes have a rubber collar on the toe that protects it from wear and tear. Whereas the rest of the rubber will be smooth, the toe will have a rough texture. If there is not much of a pattern on the toe, then the shoes might be fake. There should also be a slight gap between the rubber collar and the cloth of the shoe. That gap will be composed of a small layer of smooth plastic, like that around the rest of the shoe. On many fake Vans, the rubber collar will extend all the way to the cloth, with no gap. Compare the rubber collar to a pair that you know is real. The texture should be similar. Check for a red piece of cloth on the inside heel. On the inside heel, there should be a little piece of red cloth. It will be at the very top of the heel, but will not extend more than half an inch past the top of the heel. Check the angle of the toes. The shoes should bend up slightly, so that the toes face up. If the bottom on the shoes is flat, the shoes are likely fake. Check that the toes bend. The toes should be bendable. You should be able to press on the heel and the toe, so that the back and front of the shoe touch. If the shoes are stiff, they're fake. 
Choose an appropriate time and place. If you want to let someone down easy, timing and location matter. If you're seeking to let someone down in an empathetic matter, take some time to consider the proper location and timeframe to talk to them. Face-to-face is ideal for difficult conversations. Humans evolved to pick up on non-verbal cues and signals that are reassuring during difficult conversations. An impromptu pat on the shoulder, for example, can reassure someone he or she is essentially lovable even if this one relationship did not work out. A look of sadness on your face can help your partner see you truly care about his or her feelings, despite the fact you feel the relationship should end. If possible, choose to have the talk at a place where your significant other feels comfortable. Choose to stop by his or her apartment to talk, for example. It may feel uncomfortable for you but giving someone a slight sense of power during a difficult conversation can help him or her digest bad news. If you anticipate a long conversation, try to choose a time where the conversation will not be cut short by external factors. Do not, for example, break up with your longterm boyfriend an hour before he has to leave for work. Instead, choose to stop by his place shortly after dinner on a weeknight. This will allow any lingering loose threads to be addressed. Take responsibility yourself. If you're letting someone down easy, you need to take full responsibility for your decision. Oftentimes, people feel it will be easier if their partner initiates the breakup. However, you are the one whose feelings have changed. It's your responsibility to start the breakup conversation. Trying to lead your partner to the conclusion, that you want to break up, through subtle cues is not only dishonest it can be confusing. Your partner may not get the message and begin to question him or herself as you subtly pull away. For example, if you become less physically affectionate in order to show your partner you're losing interest your partner might question his or her own attractiveness. If you want to let someone down easy, you need to take full responsibility of your decision. Be open and direct about your feelings. It's best to be honest when letting someone down. While you do not have to go over every single reason you want out, it's important to be direct about your expectations. Make it clear you want to end the relationship and give your partner a brief explanation as to why. The essential message that most breakups boil down to is, "You're not what I'm looking for." It's perfectly okay to express this. This will allow the recipient to have a sense of closure as he or she will understand your reasoning. It's okay to gently say something like, "I'm sorry, but I'm not in love with you anymore. I need something different right now and I think we should go our separate ways." If it's a less serious relationship, you can keep the statement briefer. Something like, "Sorry, but I'm not feeling a significant spark between us. I think we would be better off friends." Honesty is important, but it does not have to be brutal. It's not a good idea to go over your partner's past mistakes or current pitfalls. If you're leaving because you're no longer attracted to your partner, for example, this might be best unsaid. If you want to let someone down easy, keep your statements for ending the relationship general and don't hesitate to praise your partner's good qualities instead of talking about what didn't work. This helps convey the message that you simply don't want to be with them anymore instead of insulting them as a person. Being honest can seem hard, but it's kinder than just ghosting someone, which can be emotionally painful for the other person in the long run. Keep it short. Once again, while it's great to be honest you should also be direct. You are not doing your partner any good by beating around the bush and avoiding the subject at hand. Start the conversation off with a direct declaration of what you want, something like, "I wanted to talk to you because I don't feel this relationship is working out." From there, try to keep the conversation brief. Try to speak from the heart rather than going over a prepared speech. Letting someone down can be difficult but remaining calm and collected is important. This way, you'll be able to get your words out in a concise manner. Becoming overly emotional can result in confusing rambling, obscuring the message at hand. Try to spend some time emotionally preparing for the conversation by running over a script in your head. You could write down some of what you plan to say. While memorizing a speech may not be the best route, this can make you come off as cold, having some idea of what you can to say can help you focus. Practice your words a few times before the confrontation. Offer friendship, if you're able. Offering some kind of consolation at the end of a relationship can help reduce the sting of the blow. If possible, offer friendship to your ex. Say something like, "I hope we can stay friends." However, keep in mind many people struggle staying friends, especially in the direct wake of a breakup. If you do not think you can reasonably remain friends with someone, do not make the offer. Speak without cliches. When letting someone down easy, it's important to avoid anything your ex might find patronizing or insulting. Cliches, such as "It's not you, it's me," can feel dishonest. Instead, express yourself directly and abandon cliche language. Speaking to your own personal experience is best when letting someone down easy. Do not place blame. You may feel some anger and resentment if you're choosing to end a relationship. It can tempting to attribute blame to your ex, especially if he or she hurt you. However, if you want to let your ex down easy playing the blame game is not a good idea. Avoiding negativity of any kind is one of the best ways to spare someone's feelings. Going over past mistakes or resentments can spur an argument, resulting in an unclean and unpleasant breakup. If you suspect your partner may not take the breakup well, keep in mind he or she may try to blame you. Avoid being sucked into a negative conversation. If your partner tries to put you down for your actions, counter with something like, "I'm sorry you feel that way but it doesn't change my decision." Avoid social media in the direct aftermath. Social media can be particularly toxic in the wake of a breakup. If you want to let your ex down easy, avoid positing about the breakup online. Even accounts you think he or she might not access to could potentially discovered. While many find social media cathartic when coping with a breakup, keep in mind your ex's feelings may be hurt by what you choose to post. It may also be a good idea to stop following your ex on any social media platforms. During a breakup, you'll need time to cultivate some space between you and your partner to help you move on. Severing the social media tie a bit can help. In general, it's best to not get others involved. Instead, try to keep things between you and your ex. Mutual friends with good intentions can interfere and make the situation more complicated than it needs to be. Focus on the good times. You can help yourself and your ex cope by choosing to focus on the positive. Towards the end of the breakup conversation, try to focus on mutual benefit. Emphasize all the good things your partner has done for you. Make sure she leaves the conversation feeling like the relationship was worthwhile even if it did not work out. Say something like, "You really made me feel good about myself and pushed me to be a kinder, more empathetic person. I will always be grateful for that." Encourage gratitude. While acknowledge it may take some time, encourage your partner to cherish the good times you had together. Relationships are primarily social exchanges and people have a natural tendency to search for their benefits. Your partner will appreciate you helping him or her seek positives even as the relationship ends. Be upfront about lessening contact. As previously stated, it can be helpful to leave the door open for friendship. However, you do not want to give mixed messages. Be honest about what kind of contact you want to have with your ex. If you need some space before you can work on establishing a friendship, for example, say so. Do not try to force friendly meetings prematurely, as this can confuse you and your ex. You will need time and space before you're able to see one another without romantic attachments and associations. Act civil after the breakup. You will likely run into your ex at some point in the future. Be cordial and friendly during any encounters you might have. Remain emotionally prepared. Keep in mind as you go to work, school, and run errands you may run into your ex. This can help you stay calm and collected during the encounter. Resist thinking of your ex as your one true love. When in love, many people convince themselves the person they're with is their one true love. However, you need to let those feelings go after a breakup. In reality, there are many people with whom you would be potentially compatible. You will likely find someone else in the future, despite what you may be feeling in the present moment. Allow yourself to accept the fact the relationship ended for a reason and you will find someone else in the future. Are you sure that you want to end the relationship? If not, then don't end things. You need to mentally consider this as a break-up. Don't try and let someone down easy as an excuse to "keep your options open." Either you break up or you don't. Playing games with someone's emotions isn't fair or gentle. If you hope that you can get them to break up with you, then don't try and let them down gently. You can't expect them to do the work for you -- you need to end things yourself. If they don't pick up on the hints or being gentle doesn't work, you need to be ready to step in and end the relationship firmly. If you're thinking about ending the relationship because you don't want to be monogamous, consider asking the other person if they're interested in maintaining an open relationship, where you still see each other, but you're both free to date other people, as well. Are you trying to break contact completely, or just return to friendship? Your goals when splitting away from someone are important. If you don't want to see someone again, then you should just end the relationship quickly and kindly. If you're just trying to slow thing down a bit, a gentle let down is more appropriate. A gentle let down can give someone the impression that you may want to rekindle things later in life. If you don't want this, end it quickly. If you're being gentle because you are worried about your safety, just end things quickly. Don't worry about being gentle. If you're worried about their reaction, bring a trusted friend along. If you've had some disagreements lately and just need some space, you should let them down gently, allowing you to resume friendship when the dust has settled. Is your relationship in a lull, or fatally flawed? All relationships have ups and downs, and it is easy to forget about the good times when you're in the bad. If you're trying to let her down because you've hit a rough patch, ask yourself if you really dislike her or just dislike your current state. Don't rush into this decision. Wait 2-3 weeks to see if your feelings change. Try writing a list of pros and cons to help clarify your decision. Use this to see if there are things you can adjust rather than simply ending the relationship. Many people like the "gentle let down" because it lets you change your mind later on. If you do keep changing your mind, however, you are likely in a short lull, not some relationship crisis. If you keep having the same old fights every day, then you should consider ending it once and for all. Would a quick, clean break up be better for everyone? While your gentle intentions are noble, and you still care for their feelings, ask yourself if you're really making things better with a protracted split. Sometimes you just need to rip the Band-Aid off. If you know that they're emotionally invested in your relationship and don't want things to end, you're not going to be gentle no matter what you do. Don't prolong this more than necessary. If he seems distant as well, and you just don't feel the spark anymore, you should go ahead and let him down nice and gently. What can you do instead of a gentle let down? If you've realized that this isn't fair, or isn't the best way to end things, you should weigh your other options. Consider: Ending a manipulative or abusive relationship. Ending a Friendship. Breaking up. Rekindling the relationship. 
Elevate your leg above your heart. Sit back or lie down and use pillows and blankets to elevate your swollen leg to a level above your heart. Stay in this position for 15-30 minutes at a time, or longer if you're comfortable. Repeat this 3-4 times a day for as long as the swelling continues. Elevating your legs helps relieve pressure and reduce water retention in your legs. This can be an especially helpful treatment if you've been sitting or standing in the same position for extended periods of time. If you can, try putting several blocks (like exercise blocks) under your mattress so that you can keep your legs elevated as you sleep. Massage your leg. Self-massage can help reduce swelling caused by pregnancy, edema , water retention, extended traveling, and a high-sodium diet. Start by running your palms up and down the length of your leg several times, applying firm but not painful pressure. Then, knead up and down your leg using your thumbs. Repeat this process for 20 minutes at a time, 1-2 times a day. If you have the means, you can also seek help from a massage therapist. A standard Swedish massage will generally do the trick. If you have more severe swelling, though, you may want to look for a therapist that practices specialized treatment for swelling. Soak your feet and ankles in an Epsom salt bath for pain relief. Prepare a cool to lukewarm bath deep enough to fit your full feet and ankles. Add about a cup of Epsom salt to the bath and gently mix it until the salt crystals dissolve. Then, soak your feet for 15 to 20 minutes to help manage any pain associated with your swelling. You can also add Epsom salts to a full bathtub and sit in it with your calves and thighs fully submerged if you have more extensive swelling. If your pain is severe enough that it impedes your everyday function or if it's rapidly getting worse, seek medical help immediately. Take breaks when standing for extended periods. If you have to be on your feet for extended periods of time, try to schedule regular breaks where you sit or stretch your legs. If you have to stand for work, talk to your manager about ensuring you get regular breaks, or otherwise seeking accommodations to minimize the amount of time stand. Ideally, you should get at least 15 minutes off your feet every 2-3 hours. Doing so can help provide immediate relief to swelling caused by extended periods of standing still. If you cannot get the breaks you require, see if other accommodations can be made. If, for example, you work as a cashier, ask your manager about getting a stool behind the register. Perform feet and ankle exercises when flying. When you fly, there are a number of exercises you can do right in your seat to help minimize swelling. In addition to taking a short walk up and down the aisle every hour or so, try: Flexing and extending your ankles for 10-15 reps every hour Flexing your calf muscles Rotating each ankle 10-15 times every hour Reduce your exposure to extreme temperatures. Very hot and very cold temperatures can increase the fluid buildup that causes swelling. Remove yourself from any extreme temperatures as soon as possible. This should help minimize swelling. This includes limiting the amount of time you spend in hot tubs, saunas, and very hot baths. Determine the cause of your swelling. Swelling is typically a symptom of a larger condition. Generally, the best way to treat recurring swelling is to treat the underlying cause. In some cases, such as with frequent travel or pregnancy, the cause may be obvious. In others, you may need to see your doctor for a diagnosis. Common causes of leg swelling include: Kidney, liver, or heart disease Lymphedema (blockage in the lymph system) Blood clots Varicose veins Injury to the leg Obesity Blood pressure medications Hormone medications Pregnancy Extended periods sitting down Poor diet Wear compression stockings. Compression socks and stockings are both typically available from drug stores as well as online. Wearing these stockings throughout the course of your regular day can help minimize and in some cases prevent recurring leg swelling. Stockings to not need to be worn all the time, but they should be worn when you're at school or work, when you're out running errands, or otherwise for a few hours every day. Get help from a medical professional when sizing your socks and choosing the right material for your lifestyle. Socks that are too tight can cause sores. Reduce your sodium and carbohydrate intake. Eating a healthy diet low in sodium and carbohydrates can help reduce recurring swelling by minimizing fluid retention. Aim for a diet that is rich in fresh vegetables and fruit, lean proteins, and whole grains. Avoid added sugars, high sodium foods, and processed or prepackaged foods which often have added salt. High sodium food includes most frozen and prepared foods, canned goods, packaged sauces and soups, salad dressings, and pickled foods. While sea salt is considered a healthier alternative to table salt in some areas, both sea salt and table salt have roughly the same amount of sodium by weight. If you do choose to use sea salt, it still needs to be in moderation. In addition, it's generally advised that people with leg swelling avoid frequent caffeinated beverages and alcohol. Exercise your legs at least 20-30 minutes every day. Engaging your legs in mild to moderate cardiovascular activity for half an hour every day can help minimize swelling and reduce episodes of recurrence. Look for activities that specifically engage your legs, such as walking, jogging, or biking. Swimming is a highly recommended activity for those with moderate to severe leg pain. Since it's a non-weight-bearing activity, it allows you to exercise without increasing stress or pain on the leg. Take 200-400 mg of magnesium every day. Adding a magnesium supplement to your diet can help limit pain in swollen legs. Take your supplement every day with a meal to optimize your absorption. Always talk to your health care practitioner before you start any new supplements or make any major dietary changes. Seek immediate help if your pain gets worse or sets in suddenly. If your pain comes about very quickly, go to your local urgent care facility as soon as possible. Likewise, if it is severe enough that it interferes with normal function, get immediate help. Even if your pain isn't getting progressively worse, severe pain can be a sign of a larger medical problem. One major concern is deep vein thrombosis, which usually results in swelling in the calf area. Unlike the fluid swelling caused by edema, swelling caused by deep vein thrombosis usually results in the leg getting hard, red, hot, and rapidly increasing in size. See a doctor immediately if your swelling gets worse. Rapid swelling or worsening swelling may be an indicator of a blood clot or another medical condition that needs emergency attention. If you notice your swelling is quickly getting worse, seek emergency medical help. Go to the emergency room if you can't breathe. You should also seek emergency help if you experience any shortness of breath, chest pain, or tightness in your chest. These are indicative of medical emergencies that need immediate care, such as a heart attack. Consult your doctor if you experience swelling on one side. Swelling on one side of your leg can be an indicator of deep vein thrombosis, a type of blood clot that forms in the deep veins of the legs. Call your doctor and see if an additional appointment or testing is necessary. Additional signs of deep vein thrombosis include shortness of breath, rapid pulse, chest pains, and shallow breathing if the thrombosis turns into a pulmonary embolism. Get a doctor to evaluate blisters and ulcerations. Blisters, ulcers, and other sores experienced along with swelling may be due to phlebitis and can put you at risk of infection. Make a doctor's appointment immediately if you notice any sores on your feet or legs. Depending on the severity of your sores, your doctor may recommend monitoring, antibiotics, or outpatient surgical care. Ask about stopping or changing medications that cause swelling. If you think your medications are causing or contributing to your swelling, talk to your health care practitioner about altering your medications. You may need to stop try a different medication, change your dose, or stop taking certain groups of medication in general. Groups of medications that may contribute to swelling include antidepressants, blood pressure medications, hormones, and steroids. 
Purchase a medium head of cauliflower. Rinse it thoroughly under running water. Place a baking rack in the center of the oven. Preheat your oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit (218 Celsius). Pull the leaves off of the base of the cauliflower head. Cut off the bottom of the stem and discard it with the leaves. Cut the head into four quarters. Separate the quarter into florets by cutting along the base through the hard center. Florets look like little trees. Each quarter should yield between six and eight florets. It's best to do this with a knife, rather than your hands, because the flat surfaces will caramelize in the pan. Place the florets in a bowl.  Drizzle your olive oil over the cauliflower.  Add your spices. Cauliflower can be seasoned with any number of spices, depending upon your tastes and the meal it is accompanying. Use salt and pepper for mild seasoning. You can also use these in addition to other spices. Mince two cloves of garlic and add a tsp. of lemon zest for a healthy, Italian flavor. Choose cumin or paprika to create a smoky flavor. Add oregano, thyme or an Italian spice mix for a bolder Italian flavor. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes to make the cauliflower spicy. Toss the cauliflower with your hands to coat it uniformly with spices and oil.  Spray a baking sheet with non-stick cooking spray or brush with oil.  Pour the florets onto the sheet. Spread them into an even layer. Drizzle any oil or spice at the bottom of the bowl over the top of the cauliflower.  Place the tray into the oven. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes, turning occasionally with tongs. Test for doneness with a fork. If the florets are easily pierced, they are done. Both sides should be nicely browned and caramelized. 
Source the freshest fish available. Of course, fresh ingredients are important anytime you're cooking, but with fish, it's especially important. You can disguise some three-day old chicken pretty easily, but it's much tougher to disguise some cod that's been sitting around for three days. In order to cook the best fish of your live, you'll want to get cozy with your fishmonger. The best trick to getting the freshest fish available is to simply ask. Go up to the fishmonger manning the fish in your local grocery store and ask them what's fresh today. This will sometimes require being flexible about the kind of fish you cook, but it's for the better. Fresh fish almost invariably tastes better than old fish, whether it's salmon, mackerel, tuna, or swordfish — the list goes on. The freshest fish will smell of the sea (briny) but not fishy; the gills should be bright and moist; the meat firm and springy; and the scales should not be dull or flake off easily. Get familiar with your thermometer. The secret to cooking fish is knowing the temperature at which they're finished cooking. In order to do this, you'll want to use a food thermometer until you get the hang of things and can tell whether your fish is done by touching or merely looking at it. Most fish are perfectly cooked when they reach an internal temperature of 120° - 145°F (~49° - 63°C). Know that it's okay to undercook most fish. Ever heard of sushi ? Or how about ceviche ? These are two fish dishes that are not cooked at all. Unlike undercooked poultry, which carries the risk of salmonella, fish are okay to eat undercooked or even raw. Although raw or undercooked fish can contain parasites, the incidence rate of serious health concerns is serially overstated. You should feel very safe eating undercooked fish. Some fish are better raw (or undercooked)! Fish like tuna are often given a light sear on both sides before removing from the heat and serving. Tuna tartar, famously, isn't cooked at all. Know the three basic kinds of fish. Fish come in three basic varieties, each of which tends to be cooked in a different way and contains different nutritional properties. Knowing your way around the basic varieties will help you become a better cook: White fish — cod, plaice , sole, hake and haddock, among others. These fish have translucent skin that turns an opalescent white when being cooked. Usually battered and deep fried, they form the basis of the classic English fish and chips. Oily fish — salmon, trout, kipper and sardines, among others. Oily fish are oilier than other varieties, but contain good oils (omega 3 fatty acids). They are often grilled, baked, or steamed. Shellfish — shrimp, scallops, mussels, and oysters, among others. Shellfish are categorized either as "crustaceans" (shrimp) or "mollusks" (oysters). Commonly bottom feeders, shellfish are harder to digest than either white or oily fish. Experiment with marinades, but know that most fish taste wonderful with just salt and pepper. There are tons of different marinades that you can experiment with when cooking fish — soy sauce and honey works great on salmon, while olive oil and lemon work nice on whitefish. But ultimately, great fish — like great meat — tastes exquisite when you let the taste of the actual fish, and not the marinade, take over. Cook with your fish as dry as possible. Dry off your fish before cooking, whatever method of cooking you decide to use. Especially important for frying or pan-frying, excess moisture will cool down hot oil. Try to pat down fish fillets or steaks with a dry paper towel before cooking for best results. Thaw your fish before cooking. For best results, of course, you'll want to use fresh fish. But let's face it — fresh fish is expensive, a luxury that not all of us can afford. Frozen fish is a nice alternative, but you'll want to thaw your fish for a day in the refrigerator before cooking for best results. Oh, and remember to pat it down to remove excess moisture before cooking! You can bake frozen fish, for example, but you'll want to double the normal cooking time from your recipe. Cooking frozen fish is very tricky however, and shouldn't be done as a rule of thumb if you can afford it. Try grilling fish. Perfect for summer months, grilling fish is both easy and enjoyable. With your coals or gas grill, you'll want to try to make a hot pile and a cold pile, so that you can cook the fish over low heat for the majority of the time, and then give it some color by finishing the cooking over high heat at the very end. Be sure to use the thermometer to get the temperature correct, and remember that fish cooks extremely quickly! When grilling fish, be sure to oil the grill and the fish generously before cooking. A well-oiled fish and grill will keep the fish from sticking to the grate when you choose to flip it. If you want to, you can also use an aluminum foil pouch to keep the fish in as it cooks; this saves cleanup time and cooks the fish very nicely. Remember to choose the right kind of fish for grilling. Meaty, hearty fish like salmon , halibut, and swordfish work best on the grill, especially if you can get them cut into steaks. Delicate white fish like cod, flounder, or sole tend to fall apart easier on the grill, making for a less than ideal marriage between grill and fish. Bake, bake away. Probably the healthiest cooking option available, baking relies on dry heat and less oil to thoroughly bring the fish to perfection. Line a baking tray with wax paper or aluminum foil, thoroughly oil the fish (or paint with a dab of melted butter), and cook at a lower heat for a longer time. Here's some more specific pointers for you to remember as you bake fish: If you're baking with a fish fillet that has a thicker center and thin sides, curl the thin sides underneath the fish as it cooks. That way, the sides won't be overcooked be the time the rest of the center is done. Decide on your cooking temperature. Because fish are delicate and dry out easily, a lot of cooks recommend baking fish at low temperatures (think 250° F) for longer periods (20 minutes for fillets). For thicker (center cut) fish, many chefs recommend cooking at higher temperatures (400°F) for less time (15 minutes), although cooking times depend on the thickness of the cut. Try the 10-minute rule for baking fish, or "Canadian cooking method." Measure the cut of fish at its thickest point. For every inch of thickness, cook for 10 minutes at 400° - 450°F. Pro-rate the ratio for uneven thicknesses. For example, a 1.5 inch (3.8 cm) center cut piece of salmon should be cooked for 15 minutes at around 425° F. For added flavor and moisture, think about adding herbs and aromatics to your baked fish. Lemon and capers or dill works great with salmon as well as with other types of fish. Bread crumbs work well with white fish, particularly tilapia. . Pan-fry your fish to perfection Pan frying gives you the option of being a little more creative with your fish. Not only can you dredge your fish in flour or cornmeal to get a nice crunchy exterior, but you can also make sauces from the juices leftover in the bottom of the pan. Here are some secrets for pan-frying fish to perfection. Start off with enough oil and a hot pan. Oil your steel pan generously but not excessively and get it hot. Starting off hot helps cook the skin on the fish quickly, allowing it to adhere to the meat of the fish for nice presentation and an even nicer feel in the mouth. Always pan-fry with skin side down to begin with. That way, your skin browns evenly and adheres to the meat of the fish. After a minute or two on medium or high heat, turn the heat down to medium-low or low. Cook the fish slowly from here on out. Cook too hot at the moisture will evaporate from the fish before it's fully cooked, leading to a drier fish. Flip once! Start off cooking the fish skin side down at high temperature. Turn the temp down significantly, and continue cooking for a little bit. Flip the fish once, and only once. Continue cooking the fish until your thermometer reads about 137°F. If you don't have a thermometer, you can tell that the fish is cooked if you can easily cut and flake the meat with a fork. Poach your fish. The idea behind poaching is to cook the fish through by submerging it in a hot or simmering, but not boiling, liquid inside a covered pan. The liquid should consist mostly of water, but other ingredients are usually added to increase the flavor. White wine and salt are commonly used, along with herbs (thyme, rosemary, parsley, etc.) and/or vegetables (onions, celery, carrots, etc.). Try poaching with court bouillon, an excellent poaching liquid. Court bouillon is commonly made out of water, salt, white wine, vegetables (usually mirepoix) and a bouquet garni Make Bouquet Garni , or herb bouquet. There are two ways to poach: The "deep" poach, which is completely submerging the fish in a poaching liquid, or the "shallow" poach, where the fish is partially submerged in poaching liquid. Deep poached fish typically do not need a cover for the pot, while shallow poached fish typically do. In general, your poaching liquid should only be about 160 - 180ºF. This means a slight shimmering or quivering on the surface of the liquid, and maybe a bubble or two there. For hotter, simmering poaching liquids, the cooking time will decrease significantly. Which fish are great for poaching? Arctic char, barramundi, halibut, mahi mahi, striped bass, sturgeon, and tuna all work excellent in poaching liquid. Fry fish. Fried fish feeds the soul. Although it is less healthy than poaching or baking, it can elevate an "ordinary" fish like catfish into an art form. Fish are usually battered and then dunked into a hot pan filled with oil. Here are some basics for you to remember as you fry fish: Decide on dredge vs. batter. You can dredge your fish in flour and egg, making for a lighter fish, or whip up a batter out of beer or buttermilk for a thicker, crunchier shell. Cooking times do not vary significantly for either method. You'll most likely want your oil to be at around 375ºF when you start frying, and cook the fillets for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. One trick for determining whether you've got the right heat for frying is to float a strike-anywhere match on top of the frying liquid. The match has a flash point of 365ºF, around the ideal cooking temperature. It's not a Martha Stewart-approved trick, but it will definitely get the job done! . Make almond crusted salmon The crisp nuttiness of almonds marries perfectly with the rich, unctuousness of the salmon. A no-nonsense alternative to breaded salmon! Grill up a whole sea bass. That's right, a whole fish. In many cultures the eyes and cheeks of a fish are considered a delicacy. Stuffed with some fruits, veggies, or herbs, this makes a truly transcendent dish. Try fennel topped trout. This recipe involves fennel, which doesn't overpower the delicate trout. Add in ginger, shallot, and lemon peel, and you've got a nice little slaw to go over your trout. Make some lemon-baked cod. Cod can be baked to perfection with just a little bit of butter, lemon, and onion. Delicious! Fry up some flounder. This bottom-feeding fish with two eyes on one side of its face is surprisingly delicate, seeing as it doesn't move around very much and thus has a high fat content. For a quick but tasty morsel. 
Make sure the goal is specific. For any goal, it is important that your goal is specific and clearly defined. The work you will do to achieve short-term goals occurs over a shorter, so it's important to avoid confusion about what you are trying to achieve. Confusion creates delay and decreases motivation. For example, imagine you are writing a book. To make the process manageable, you decide to break it down into several short term goals. You hope to achieve them over several one-month periods of time. You could set the short term goal "start writing the book" for the first month. But, that's not very specific. A better goal might be "write a first draft of chapter one this month." This is much clearer in terms of exactly what you want to achieve. Make sure the goal is realistic. It is important to set goals that you will actually be able to achieve in the available time. Failure to do so will result in discouragement, which may lead you to give up on future goals. Our brains thrive on success. Setting achievable goals and following through will create motivation to pursue the next goal. Setting a goal you can't achieve within the time frame sets you up for the opposite. Returning to the example of writing a book, you would probably not want to set a goal to complete the first six chapters in a month. Unless the chapters are very short, that's probably more writing than you can produce in that time. Failing to achieve this goal may then discourage you from doing a more reasonable amount of writing the following month. Determine the steps. Nearly every goal can be broken down into smaller steps. Knowing what those steps are can help the goal feel more manageable. It also can help you create a clear plan to follow in working toward the goal. For example, let's say you've got company coming over and your house needs a serious cleaning. You break the process down into several short-term goals: clean the bathroom, clean the kitchen, clean the living room, etc. But, you can break each of these down into steps as well. Using the kitchen as an example, you might need to wash dishes, clean the counters, clean out the fridge, and sweep and mop the floor. Estimate how long you expect each step to take. Having a timeline and deadlines for these tasks will help keep you motivated, accountable and on-task. For example, if you are starting with cleaning the bathroom, you might estimate it will take you 15 minutes to clean the tub, another 15 to clean toilet, another 10 ten to clean the sink area, ten minutes for organizing and cleaning the medicine cabinet, and another 10 minutes to clean the floor. If you can stick to this timeline, you should be able to clean the bathroom in an hour. Write your goal(s) down and sketch out a plan. Once you've determined the steps, write up a quick plan that puts them in a logical order that will be easy to follow. It may seem silly to write down the steps for a simple task like cleaning your house. Indeed, you might not need to. But doing so helps make the goal more tangible, which can build motivation. Writing the steps down also ensures you won't forget anything important. Set priorities. Often times, when dealing with short-term goals, we may have many goals at one time. It is important to decide which goals are most important so that you can achieve them first. If company is coming to visit, you may need to clean your house. But, you might also need to stock up on groceries. You might want to clean your car. It might be a good idea to make plans for things to do while your friends are staying with you. You may need to get ahead on work that you won't be able to while they are visiting. If you try to do all these things at once, you won't work as efficiently as if you picked the most important task, finished it, and moved on. In fact, by trying to do all of these things at once, you might not finish any of them. Prioritizing your goals will also avoid wasting time after you've completed a goal. You will have already figured out what you need to do next. Get to work. As with any goal, short term goals are only accomplished through putting in time and effort. Once you get started, you'll develop momentum that can help carry you through to the end. If your house is a real disaster, it may be hard to get started on the cleaning. But, look at your plan and try to dive in on the first step as soon as you can. Once you've got one room clean, the satisfaction you feel will help you fell motivated to keep going. Stay focused. To achieve any goal, you have to work on it steadily. With short-term goals, this is even more important. Because you don't have long to complete your goal, it's crucial to keep your eye on the prize and not get distracted. There are several ways to promote this. Track your progress. Keep one eye on the clock (or calendar) and one eye on the plan you wrote up for achieving your goal. The timeline you set for yourself can be a strong motivation to stay focused. No one likes to feel that they've failed. Create a good environment for success. Try to remove things from your environment that might prevent you from achieving your goals. Imagine you are trying to clean your house, but you know that your dog is likely to follow you around begging for attention all day. You might want to take it to the kennel for an afternoon so you can focus. If you don't think you'll be able to resist the temptation to play your favorite video game, put the game controllers in a drawer in another room. Don't take tem out again until you're done working on the goal. Be flexible. Sometimes, you may find that your work toward short-term goals isn't having the effect you had hoped. Or, once you've been working on something for a while, you might think of a better way to do it than you had planned. If this is the case, don't stick rigidly to the plan for its own sake. If a short-term goal is not working out as you expected, or is taking a lot more time than you thought it would, don't be afraid to revise the plan. Having a plan is important, but sometimes, you need to change the order of your steps, remove steps entirely, or add new ones. Sometimes, you might need to drop one short term goal altogether in favor of another one. Using the example of writing a book, you might have a plan to draft the first chapter in a month. But, in writing the chapter, you might come up with a new idea for the book that you hadn't thought of before. If it's a good idea, it might be worth going back and revising your outline to include it. The time this takes might prevent you from achieving your original goal, but if it means a better book, be flexible and revise the plan! Reward success. When you achieve a short term goal, give yourself a reward. This is called "reinforcement." It helps your brain associate following through on goals with good consequences. This makes it easier to motivate yourself to achieve future goals. Reinforcement comes in two types. Positive reinforcement is when you add something good to your life. For example, you might reward your success by going out for a fancy cocktail or dessert. Negative reinforcement is when something unwanted is removed from your life. For example, imagine you you don't like walking your dog. You might make a deal with someone else in your household in which they agree to walk it for you for a day if you achieve your goal. Reinforcing good behaviors is more effective than punishing bad ones. It will increase your motivation to follow through much more. 
Rent a concrete grinder from your local home improvement center. Most home improvement centers have concrete grinders you can rent out for a project so you don't have to buy one outright. If you're not sure whether a store near you rents them, call ahead and ask before you go in. Clear off your basement floor. When using a concrete grinder, it's important that the floor is completely free of any obstacles or debris. Remove all of the appliances and furniture in your basement. Then, go over the floor with a vacuum to pick up any dirt or dust. Put on safety goggles and a respirator before you start. When you're grinding concrete, small particles of concrete can be thrown into the air. These particles can be dangerous if they get in your eyes or lungs. It's important that you wear safety goggles and a respirator at all times when you're using a concrete grinder. You can find safety goggles and a respirator online or at your local home improvement center. Spray your basement floor with a hose if you want to wet grind the concrete. You can either dry grind or wet grind your floor. Wet grinding is preferable because the water on the floor soaks up the concrete dust and leaves less of a mess to clean up later on. You don't have to wet grind your basement floor, just keep in mind that you'll have a bigger mess to clean up if you don't. Read the manual that came with your concrete grinder to make sure it's compatible with wet grinding. If you decide to wet grind, spray your basement floor with enough water that there's a visible puddle across the entire floor. Plug in your concrete grinder and turn it on. Make sure all of the proper attachments are in place so it works effectively. You should also read through the user's manual that came with the grinder before you turn it on. Push the grinder back and forth from one side of the floor to the other. When you reach one side of the floor, move the grinder over next to the row you just made and then slowly push it back to the other side to make a new row. Continue doing this until you've gone over the entire surface of the floor. When you encounter a raised spot on the floor, hold the grinder over it for a few seconds so it grinds it down. Make sure you're pushing the grinder in a straight line. Repeat going in the opposite direction to create a crosshatch pattern. Once you've gone over the floor once with the concrete grinder, it's important that you go over it a second time in the opposite direction so that the floor is even. Do the same thing you did the first time you went over the floor, only this time push the grinder perpendicular to the rows you just made. Let your basement floor dry if necessary and then vacuum up any dust. If you wet ground the floor, you'll need to let it completely dry before you clean it. Otherwise, you can start vacuuming up the dust right away. Once your floor is clean, you can move any furniture and appliances you took out back into the room. Buy a self-leveling agent from your local home improvement store. A self-leveling agent is a powder that can level an uneven surface when it's mixed with water. The exact amount of self-leveling agent you need depends on the size of the floor you're leveling. Choose a quick-drying leveling agent if you're in a rush to get the floor done. Quick-drying leveling agents dry a lot faster than regular leveling agents, so they're a good option if you need to get the floor done quickly. However, they don't leave a lot of room for error because of how fast they dry. If you're new to using self-leveling agents, you may want to go with one that has a longer drying time. Get enough self-leveling agent to cover the entire floor. To determine how much self-leveling agent you need, start by calculating the floor's square footage. Then, check the label on the self-leveling agent you want to buy to see the number of square feet it covers. Finally, divide the floor's square footage by the number of square feet listed on the self-leveling agent to get the number of bags you'll need. For example, if the floor's square footage is 100, and the self-leveling agent covers 25 square feet, you would need 4 bags. Get more self-leveling agent than you think you need so you don't accidentally run out. Clear off and clean your basement floor. Before you apply a self-leveling agent, it's important that your basement floor is free of any furniture, appliances, and debris. Once everything is cleared off your basement floor, vacuum and mop the floor to get rid of any dirt and dust. Block areas you don’t want leveling agent to go into with strips of wood. Measure any doorways or other parts of the basement you don't want the self-leveling agent to spread into. Then, cut strips of wood that will fit in these spots. The strips of wood should be at least 2 inches (5.1 cm) tall so none of the leveling agent goes over them. Use duct tape to secure the strips of wood in place. When you're finished leveling the floor and it's hardened, you'll be able to easily remove the strips of wood. Mix the self-leveling agent and water in a large bucket. First, pour the water into the bucket — read the instructions that came with your self-leveling agent for exactly how much water to use. Then, pour in the self-leveling agent. Use a cement mixer to mix the powder and water together until the powder is fully dissolved. You can find a cement mixer online or at your local home improvement center. Pour the self-leveling agent over the floor. Start pouring at the furthest point from the exit — that way you won't have to walk through the self-leveling agent as you work. If you run out of liquid to pour, you'll need to mix another bucket and then continue covering the floor. You want the layer of self-leveling agent to be thick enough that it covers the highest point on the floor. If you need to walk through the self-leveling agent, wear cleats so you're only leaving tiny holes behind with each step. The leveling agent will spread out to fill in the holes. Use a squeegee or trowel to spread around the self-leveling agent. The leveling agent should be thin enough to spread out on its own, but you may need to help it reach the edges and corners of the room. Use the squeegee or trowel to push the leveling agent in the direction you want it to spread. When you're finished, look around and make sure the entire floor is covered with leveling agent. Let the self-leveling agent fully dry. The amount of time it will take the leveling agent to dry depends on what kind you used. If you used regular self-leveling agent, it can take 1-3 days for the floor to fully dry. If you used a quick-drying leveling agent, your floor may be dry after several hours. To test if the leveling agent is dry, try standing on it. If your feet leave any kind of depression in the floor, it's not dry enough yet. 
Wet your paper. Get a rag wet and splotch water all over the paper you plan to dye. Allow excess water to drop off into a sink. Mix water colors or food coloring in various squirt or spray bottles. Use squirt bottles to create blotches of color and spray bottles to create larger spatters of color. Make sure you mix the appropriate amount of water with your dyes according to their directions. Place your paper onto a surface you don't mind getting colored. You might cover a table or counter top with several layers of newspaper or place your paper in a large, shallow tin. You can even complete the activity on the ground outside, weather permitting. It's also a good idea to protect your clothes by wearing a smock, apron or old t-shirt. Squirt or spray the dye on the paper. There's no right or wrong way to apply the color, just use your imagination. Use various colors for a true tie-dyed look. If you want to create symmetrical patterns, fold the paper in half before applying the color. Hold the paper over a pan, sink or outdoors to allow the colors to run. The liquid dye will run and and bleed across the wet paper. You can twist the paper as it drips to create further designs. Allow the paper to dry. If you chose to fold the paper, unfold it, then lay the paper down flat on a towel. Let the paper air dry for at least 30 minutes. Add coffee grounds into a pan. Choose a pan large enough to also hold the paper you plan to dye. Don't worry if you aren't sure how many grounds to add, you can always add more to strengthen the coffee as it steeps. Pour boiling water into the pan. Allow the water and coffee grounds to steep at least five minutes. If the resulting liquid isn't dark enough, add more grounds and allow it to steep a few minutes more. Add a piece of paper to the pan, and let it steep. How long you allow the paper to steep is completely up to you, depending on how dark you want the paper to be stained. Various projects could require paper to steep anywhere from five minutes to overnight. If you would like to create symmetrical stained designs, fold the paper into squares, triangles or strips before placing it in the liquid. Remove the paper from the coffee. Wait until the paper is just a shade or two lighter than what you desire, then remove it from the coffee. The paper will darken a shade or two more as it dries. Hang the paper to dry. You can clip it to a clothesline or a curtain rod. Be careful as you handle the paper, since it will be more fragile while it's wet. Drying time can vary based on the type of paper and where it's hanging. You can test it with your hand to know when its fully dried. If you're not satisfied with the shade once the paper dries, simply repeat steps 3-5. Color the paper with markers. Get multiple colors of markers and scribble all over the paper in whatever designs you like. The more solid blocks of color, the better the end result. To create a symmetrical design, fold soft absorbent papers into halves, fourths or eighths. Hold a marker down on the top layer until the ink has soaked through all of the layers. Wet the paper. You can get the paper wet by spraying it with or dipping it into water. When the marker gets wet, it will bleed and blur, resembling tie dye. You want the paper to be wet but not dripping. Let the paper dry. If you've folded the paper, unfold it and lay it flat on a dry surface. Once it's dry, you can use it for wrapping paper, as the background of a special note or even the basis of paper flowers. 
First, remember that you are not the only person who has ever felt this way. When you are down and demotivated, it can sometimes feel like everyone except you is progressing and doing great things while you wait on the sidelines. It is human nature to get demotivated sometimes; we are not robots. Some common ruts that people get into include: Feeling bored or stagnant at work. A lot of jobs, particularly if you've been working there for a while, can start to feel tedious. Losing the spark in a relationship. Long-term relationships, in particular, can be prone to falling into a routine that drains the relationship of excitement. This also applies to platonic friendships; sometimes your friends can keep you in a pattern of monotony. Developing poor eating habits. If you have a busy schedule or just love food, it's not difficult to make lousy choices at mealtime. Once you get into the habit of unhealthy eating, it can seem almost impossible to break! All of the above. Frequently, there are a number of factors that will keep you in a rut. All of these things seem to culminate at once, creating a stressful situation that you don't even know how to begin to fix. Devote a few days to figuring out what exactly is getting you down. Chances are, you already have an idea of what's bugging you. Be honest with yourself. Once you identify the source of your discontent, you are free to commit to changing it. If you can't seem to put your finger on what's making you unhappy, consider keeping a journal. It doesn't have to be very elaborate or time-consuming. At the end of each day, write down a few reflections about what happened and how you're feeling. After a while, it won't be difficult to identify the negative patterns. Keeping a journal has been proven to help people track their bad habits and quit them altogether. You can also try a tool like the Wheel of Life, which helps you brainstorm what is important to you, and assess both where you are and where you want to be in these areas. Understand that thinking about the past can really demotivate you. Instead of beating yourself up about the way things are, grant yourself the power to make a positive change. It sounds cheesy, but imagining a positive future can really motivate you to make it happen! If you find that your past intrudes on your present such that you are not able to stop focusing on it or move past it, consider speaking with a therapist. They can help you develop techniques to move forward. Start small. If you are in a rut, chances are you've been doing things the same way for quite a while. Trying to change every aspect of your life overnight is just unrealistic, not to mention incredibly daunting. You'll find that success comes much more easily if you set an achievable goal to begin with. If you have decided to make huge changes in your life, break them up into a series of goals. You are much more likely to succeed if you manage your expectations. For instance, if you want to go back to college, make it your first goal to research schools that offer the program you want to do. This is an easily accomplished, yet vital step in your journey! Making small changes, such as taking a new route to work or working out in the morning instead of the afternoon, can help introduce new stimuli and change your perspective. Start by making small changes with how you do things and you may notice a big difference. Keep track of your progress. There are a number of ways you can do this, especially if you have a smartphone. Take a few minutes to download a helpful app, or stop by the office supply store for a calendar and some sparkly star stickers. Looking back at your progress can really give you a boost! It sounds counter-intuitive, but try not to brag about your big plans before you have actually achieved anything. According to research, talking about your intention to do something makes you less likely to really do it. With that in mind, don't forget to congratulate yourself when you reach a milestone. If your main goal is to lose fifteen pounds, pat yourself on the back when you've lost five. Read articles or books about others who have done what you are trying to do. Whether you are trying to make huge changes or just need a little pick-me-up, somebody somewhere has probably been through it too. Learning about the experiences of others can really give you some perspective and motivation. Depending on your situation, it might be helpful to join some type of community with other people who are in the same boat as you. This could be a traditional "support group," a group you set up with your family and friends, or even an online forum. Having a strong support system can be crucial to avoiding stress. Don't give up. Changing your routine, especially if you've been doing it for a while, is hard. Give yourself credit for trying in the first place. Remind yourself how far you've come, and don't let one little setback stop you. Don't be too hard on yourself. It's pretty unlikely that you'll reach your goal immediately; focus on making progress. Most positive things just take time and feeling grief can cause you to move backward on everything you've accomplished. Look at what you have already finished and compliment yourself on it. After all, you are that many steps closer to completing your mission. Get right back into your new routine. It is completely normal to fall back into old, comfortable habits, even if those habits make you unhappy. The important thing is to identify when you have fallen off track, and then immediately get back on! Don't let one imperfect day throw off your whole plan. Sometimes you might fall off track for a longer period of time. Maybe something unexpected happened or you just lost your motivation. Try to remember the first time you decided to make a change, and remind yourself that if you were able to do it once, you can do it an infinite number of times. Starting over is not a failure, but giving up is. Practice mindfulness, or living in the present. Sometimes we are more vulnerable to setbacks after we've already made quite a bit of progress. Don't let any progress you might have made be your excuse to go back to square one. Always be conscious of your goal and where you are on your road to achieving it. This is another scenario in which keeping a journal might come in handy. Keeping track of your thoughts is useful for maintaining awareness, especially if you feel like you are losing your motivation. Mindfulness is a great technique for reducing the stress you might feel due to a lot of changes happening in your life. On the other side of the coin, be aware of situations that cause you to dwell on the past and focus your energy on moving forward. If you bomb a presentation at work, make a list of all the things you want to remember for next time. Remember that staying out of a rut is a continuous process. An actor who makes one bad film isn't necessarily a bad actor, just like a person who has one bad week doesn't necessarily have a bad life. 
Try to maintain eye contact for long periods of time without blinking. Look at yourself in a mirror and time how long you can maintain eye contact without blinking. You can also have a staring contest with someone else to test your ability. Having full command over your eye movements will help you maintain steady eye contact with the other person during the hypnosis. Practice your ability to focus with your eyes. Do this by looking at a close object, like a pen or pencil and then a distant object in the room. Hold the pencil close to your face. Focus on the pencil. Move from focusing on the pencil to an object that is further away, like a picture on the wall or a doorknob. Return to focusing on the pencil. Then focus on the distant object. Continue practicing this to improve your focus flexibility. Improve your peripheral awareness. This is your ability to see objects and movements on either side of you without having to turn your head. To improve this ability: Sit in a busy scene outside on a sidewalk. Or sit in front of a TV or computer screen that is playing a busy scene. Try to look at the busy scene with your head turned to one side. Then, look at the scene with your head turned to other other side. Try to see as much of the scene as possible on either side. Make sure you practice from the left and from the right. Ask the person for permission. Do this by asking them: “Can I hypnotize you?” Make sure they say “yes”. It's best to practice hypnotizing with your eyes on a friend or loved one who trusts you, as they will be more willing to be hypnotized. It's essential that the person be a willing participant. If they resist or don't want to be hypnotized, the hypnosis likely will not work. Have the person sit in a comfortable, upright position. Don't have them stand, as they will likely become so relaxed during the hypnosis they will fall over if they are standing. Tell the person to focus on a spot underneath your right eye. Instruct them not to look away as you speak to them. Stare at them without blinking. Start counting from five to one in a soothing, low voice. As you count, tell them: “Your eyelids are becoming heavier and heavier.” “Your eyelids are growing heavy, as if heavy weights are pulling them down.” “Soon, your eyelids will be so heavy they will close.” “The more you try to open your eyes, the more heavy, loose, limp they become and the more stuck shut they will be.” Repeat these phrases several times as you count from five to one. Tell the person you are going to touch their shoulder and then they are going to go limp. It's important to tell the person what is going to happen before you touch them. This will set their mind up to understand you are going to give them a command and they are going to respond by doing what you tell them to do. Tell the person: “When I touch your shoulder, you are going to become loose, limp, and heavy. Ready?” Touch the person’s shoulder and tell them it’s time to be loose and relax. Don't be alarmed if the person slumps over or leans back in the chair. This is a sign they are completely relaxed and they are now under hypnosis. Assure the person they are now under hypnosis. It's important that the person realizes the relaxing state they are experiencing is due to hypnosis or being in a hypnotic state. Its also important to assure the person they are safe and they are in good hands. Reassure them so they continue to trust you and to listen to your commands. Tell the person that their right arm should now be loose and heavy. Inform them it should feel limp and relaxed. Then, touch their arm to trigger a response from them. Lift up their arm to confirm it is now limp and relaxed. Place their arm back down. This confirms the person is now in a trance like state. It also shows they are willing to listen to your voice and your commands. Set them up to follow only your voice. Count down from five to one. Tell them that when you reach “one”, they will only listen to the sound of your voice. Snap your fingers at “one” to focus them on your voice. Tell them to let your voice relax them even deeper. Then, instruct them to hear every word you say and only hear every word you say. Instruct them to follow only your words exactly, and no other sounds around them. Test out their hypnotic state. Now that you have hypnotic control over the person, you can test out your ability by having the person touch their nose or their ear. You can also tell them to move their arms or legs on command. Keep in mind hypnotic control must be used responsibly and carefully. The person has put their trust in you, so do not abuse it by embarrassing them or hurting them while they are under hypnosis. Don’t confuse hypnosis with being asleep or unconscious. Hypnosis is actually a deeply focused state of mind that makes you more aware of suggestion and more receptive to those suggestions. It's important to remember a person under hypnosis will not lose control or be under the hypnotist's spell. Instead, the person will be more open to suggestion and guidance. Often, we are under some form of hypnosis or trance. Think of when you zoned out during class, or got lost in a daydream. Or when you got so wrapped up in a movie or TV show, you lose your awareness of the people around you. These are all instances of being in a trance-like state. Be aware of the benefits of hypnosis. Hypnosis isn't just a fun party trick or a way to get your best friend to do the chicken dance. In fact, hypnosis has been shown to help individuals overcome insomnia, smoking, overeating, and other disorders. Keep in mind hypnosis is a trained skill like any other. There is currently no state regulation of hypnosis. But hypnotherapists can become certified in basic or advanced coursework in hypnosis and hypnotherapy. However, it is a self-regulating profession. The certification course covers issues like professional ethics and basic hypnosis skills. Seek out a certified hypnotherapist for more information on the health benefits of hypnosis. 
Mix in muriate of potash or sulfate of potash. Muriate of potash, or potassium chloride, and sulfate of potash, or potassium sulfate, are natural minerals. Muriate of potash tends to be cheaper, but the chlorine it contains can hurt the helpful microbes living in your garden's soil. Sulfate of potash is safer, but it's a bit more expensive. Check your product's label for specific instructions on how much to add per square foot or meter. Make sure the product you purchase is certified organic by the Organic Minerals Review Institute (OMRI). Try kelp meal or seaweed. Kelp and other types of seaweed are rich in potassium, and quickly release it into soil. You can either mix a few handfuls of dried kelp meal into the soil or by spray it with a liquid seaweed spray. Mix in a pound of kelp meal per square foot of soil (about 450 grams for 9 square meters). Try Sul-Po-Mag. Also called langbeinite or sulfate of potash-magnesia, Sul-Po-Mag is your most affordable option. It's best to use it if a soil test reveals your soil is low in both potassium and magnesium. Check your product's label to ensure it's OMRI certified and for recommended amounts per square foot or meter. Add hardwood ash only if you need to increase the soil’s pH. Sprinkle 1 to 2 pounds of ash per 100 square feet (450 to 900 grams per 9 square meters). Wood ash raises soil pH, or decreases the acidity. If you use wood ash to supply the garden with potassium, it's best to regularly test the pH to make sure that the soil is balanced. Don't use wood ash around acid-loving plants, like azaleas or blueberries. Add greensand to your soil. Use about 5 pounds (2.25 kilograms) per 100 square feet (9 square meters) of soil. Greensand releases potassium at a slow rate, so it's better for long-term soil maintenance than quick adjustments. It also works as a conditioner and helps soil retain water. In addition to digging greensand into your soil directly, you can also add it to your compost pile to improve the potassium content of your compost. Add granite dust. Granite dust is mined from natural granite quarries and is fairly inexpensive. Like greensand, it releases potassium slowly, so it won't work well if you need to make a quick fix. Bury banana peels in your soil. Cut up peels into small pieces and bury them an inch or two (4 or 5 centimeters) in your soil. The peels will take time to rot, so they'll release potassium more slowly than other amendments. Adding banana peels directly to your soil will also help deter aphids. Beef up your compost with banana peels. To increase your compost's potassium content, add fruit and vegetable waste to the pile. Banana peels are your best bet, but orange rinds, lemon rinds, beets, spinach, and tomatoes will make excellent additions, too. Keep in mind you'll need to give your compost weeks or months to mature. Keep your compost covered to prevent potassium leaching. Use a lidded container or cover your compost heap with a tarp when you're not using it. Potassium compounds are water soluble, so rainfall can easily wash them out of your compost. Have your soil tested every one to two years. For most gardeners, it's recommended to have your soil lab tested every two years. If you're a serious gardener and want to maximize your crop, test your soil every season before you plant. The results will let you know if your soil contains low, medium, optimum, or high levels of potassium, nitrogen, phosphorus, and other nutrients. Search online for a nearby university or other soil-testing lab, or contact your local extension agent. Add potassium when your crop starts to flower and fruit. If you're growing fruits and vegetables, prevent potassium deficiency by giving your plants a potassium boost when they start to flower. When they flower and fruit, plants can deplete their potassium supply in a matter of days. Add potassium if you spot signs of deficiency. Signs of deficiency include yellow leaves and brown leaf edges. Discoloration usually occurs in older leaves first, or those closer to the bottom of your plant. In fruiting plants, like tomatoes, you might see uneven ripening or yellow patches on the fruit. Monitor your plants more closely if you have sandy soil. Because of its high solubility, potassium can easily leach out of soil, especially in coarse, sandy soils. Keep a close eye on your plants if you know leaching could be an issue. If possible, test your soil more frequently. Amending your sandy soil with manure and well-rotted compost can help prevent leaching. Check for signs of magnesium deficiency. Adding more potassium can lower the amount of other nutrients that the plant absorbs. Potassium competes with magnesium most directly, so look for yellowing between leaves' veins. The veins themselves stay green, but the the spaces between them turn yellow. If you add potassium but notice yellowing occurs or worsens, just purchase an organic calcium-magnesium supplement or magnesium sulfate. Depending on your product, you'll either mix it into the soil or spray it onto your plant's bottom leaves. 
Think about your friend’s feelings. Talk to your friend and try to appreciate his or her position. Your friend may have genuine feelings for your crush that seem to be reciprocated. If they really are your friend, you should want to see things work out for them one way or another. If your friend really cares about your crush, the right thing to do may be to see how things go. If your friend doesn't seem to feel too seriously about your crush, he or she may understand if you tell them about how you feel. If your friend has strong feelings for your crush and you interfere, you risk ending your friendship. Consider what’s best for your crush. Your crush's feelings should be paramount to you if you really care about him or her, so take a step back and consider the situation. Does your crush seem to truly care about your friend? Are there any signs that he or she may have been interested in you? It may be difficult to accept that your crush may not have an interest in you romantically, but understand that it doesn't mean you are any less valuable or attractive as a person. Maybe you two simply aren't right for each other. If your crush seems like he or she is interested in you and doesn't care too deeply about your friend, you may want to consider being honest with each of them about your feelings. Be honest with yourself about your feelings for your crush. There are many different kinds of crushes one can have on another person. How deep are your feelings for your crush? How well do you know him or her? If you have strong feelings you fear you may not be able to push aside, you may want to tell them the truth. If you don't know your crush very well, it may not be worth the damage honesty could cause to your friendship. If you are uncertain about your feelings, take a step back and give yourself some time. There's no reason to make any rash decisions. Infatuation and love are different emotions that feel very similar. Infatuation often occurs when you are caught up in the excitement of meeting a person you like, but the feelings often lack longevity. Decide whether to tell them. After considering your feelings, the feelings of your friend and the feelings of your crush, you'll have to determine what you think the best course of action is. You may feel the right thing to do is to tell them both the truth about your feelings, or you may think it best that you keep them to yourself. If you decide to tell them how you feel, consider talking to your friend about it first. Depending on the situation, your friend may understand and step aside. Prepare yourself for things to go poorly if you choose to be honest. While everything may work out, you also run the risk of losing a friend and still not being able to date your crush. Remember to be sensitive to their feelings as well as your own in your decision. Remember that you have value. If you choose not to tell your crush about your feelings, or if you do but he or she doesn't reciprocate them, you may find yourself feeling pretty down. These feelings are perfectly normal, but don't allow them to skew your sense of self value. Make a list of the traits you have that a dating prospect would find valuable or attractive to remind you of your romantic strengths. Remember that not being right for one person doesn't mean you aren't a great catch! Find an outlet for your feelings. It's important that you not just bottle up your negative emotions. Find an outlet that you can use to safely express your feelings without any social fallout or embarrassment. Try writing in a journal on your laptop. Get your feelings out in words to help you better understand and cope with them. If you feel like you need to cry, you should. Letting it out can make you feel much better and release tension that has built up throughout your interactions with your friend and crush. Dancing, exercising, drawing or any number of other things can serve as a creative way to express your emotions. Keep trying until you find one that fits you. Don’t give in to self-destructive urges. Sometimes when we're upset we make bad decisions; that's part of being human, but don't allow your bad feelings to lead you to make choices you know are harmful or destructive. Drinking and drugs may seem like they'll help, but they often just make you feel worse in the long run. They can also lead to addiction and serious health issues. It's okay to spend some time lying on the couch and stress-eating, but don't allow yourself to stay there for too long. Eating fattening foods and not getting any exercise can make you feel worse instead of better. Look to other friends for support. When you're hurting, sometimes the best thing you can do is reach out to a friend or family member. Having a shoulder to cry on or a friendly ear to vent to can make a huge difference in how you feel when going through a difficult romantic situation. Focus on you and how you feel instead of discussing your friend or crush. Don't put mutual friends in a difficult position by making them feel as though they need to choose sides. You may feel embarrassed about the situation, but speaking to others can help you appreciate that heartache affects us all and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Decide when it’s time to move forward. There is nothing wrong with spending some time wallowing in your unhappiness, in fact, it's part of the process, but eventually it will be time to get up, dust yourself off and start moving on. You may not feel like you want to, but when you're ready, you may need to force yourself to get started. Focus on thinking positive thoughts and emphasize the parts of your life that are going well. Make the conscious decision to start working on being happy again and take your happiness seriously. Don't ruminate on negative thoughts. When you feel yourself starting to get down, force yourself to think about something different. Take control of your life. One of the hardest parts about rejection or not being with the person we care about is the feeling of helplessness it can create. No matter how strong your feelings are, they can't change how others feel. Take control back from that feeling of helplessness by taking charge of your life and your actions. Make conscious decisions before you act. Don't just get through the day, choose what you are going to do and then go after it. Make healthy choices to double up on the positivity gained through taking charge of your life. Choose to eat better, go for a run or something else that benefits you. Open yourself up to new romantic opportunities. Once you are feeling more like yourself again, it may be time to get back on the dating scene. Try to meet some new people and even go on some dates. While you may not find the right person right away, you may find that you enjoy the process and the opportunities it presents. If you get into a relationship, take it slow and allow your feelings to develop naturally. Don't put pressure on yourself to date if you're not ready. Making some new friends could do just fine. Be kind to your friend and old crush. If things didn't work out the way you'd hoped, that doesn't make your friend or the crush that you've gotten over bad people. Just like with you, not being right for someone isn't a gauge of their character. Don't hold a grudge and try to remain friends if you're comfortable with doing so. If you don't feel ready to be friends with either of them again, that's okay. Take your time. Remember that friendships are valuable. Treat each of them with kindness and there may come a day when things can go back to how they once were for each of you. Remember that holding on to negative feelings hurts you more than anyone else. 
Wash, boil, and mash the potatoes. Rinse the 3 medium potatoes under cold water. Place them in a large pot and cover them with water. Place the pot on the stove and boil for 20 minutes on high heat. Drain the water in a colander and put the potatoes back in the pot. Mash them with a potato masher. It's ok if there are still some lumps. Use a hand mixer if you prefer extra smooth mashed potatoes. Boil the green beans and carrots for 15-20 minutes. Peel the carrot and slice it into 1 inch (2.5 cm) pieces. Place the pieces in a pot with the 1 cup (125 g) of green beans and cover them with water. Boil on high heat until the vegetables start to soften. Drain the water using a colander over the sink. You can also cook the veggies in a bowl with ⁄ 4 cup (59 ml) of water and heat them in the microwave on high for 5 minutes. Be sure to cover the bowl with a paper towel to prevent spills. Heat oil over high heat and add the cumin seeds. Pour 1 teaspoon (4.9 ml) of vegetable oil into a frying pan on high heat. Add 1 tsp (6 g) of cumin seeds to the hot oil. It's natural for the cumin seeds to start to sputter when you add them to the oil. Add onion and ginger to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Chop the onion into cubes and add it to the pan. Then, sprinkle in 1 tbsp (5 g) of grated ginger. Cook until the onions begin to soften. Add the paprika, turmeric, peas, carrots, and green beans, and cook for 2 minutes. Add 1/2 tsp (1 g) of turmeric powder and 1/2 tsp (1 g) of paprika to the pan. Then, pour in the carrot and green bean mixture and 1 cup (150 g) of green peas. Stir the mixture gently with a wooden spoon. Stir in the coriander leaves. Sprinkle 1/4 cup (15 g) of finely chopped coriander leaves into the pan. Stir the ingredients until they are well-combined. Use a food processor to turn the veggie mix into a chunky paste. Spoon the veggie mixture into a food processor. Pulse for 5 seconds 3 or 4 times. You don't want it to turn into a smooth paste. You should still be able to see some bits of the veggies. Combine the vegetable mix, mashed potatoes, salt, lemon juice, and flour in a large pot. Stir well until the potatoes and vegetables are equally distributed. Add the juice of 1 lemon and salt to taste. Add 2 tbsp (20 g) of all-purpose flour. Substitute rice flour for a gluten-free option. Shape the cutlet mixture into 1 in (2.5 cm) flat discs. Use your hands to break off pieces of the cutlet mix and shape them into balls by rolling them gently between your palms. Place each ball on a clean cutting board or other work surface and flatten it into a disc with the heel of your hand. Dip each disc into chickpea flour mixed with water and then breadcrumbs. Combine 1 tbsp (6 g) of chickpea flour with ⁄ 4 cup (59 ml) of water in a small bowl. Pour 1/2 cup (65 g) of dry bread crumbs into another bowl. Dip each cutlet into the chickpea mix one-by-one. Then, dip the cutlets into the breadcrumbs. Flip each one over to make sure both sides are coated. Set the cutlets back on your work surface. Use gluten-free breadcrumbs if you are sensitive to gluten. Fry the cutlets on high heat for 1 minute on each side. Use a large skillet sprayed with a thin layer of oil. Place as many cutlets in as will fit without the discs touching each other. Fry for about 1 minute on each side until the outside turns golden-brown. Flip the cutlets with a spatula. Serve the veggie cutlets immediately. They work great as an appetizer with ketchup or chutney. Wash, peel, and boil the potatoes. Rinse 4 large russet potatoes in cool water. Peel them and place them in a large pot. Add enough water to cover them completely. Bring the water to a boil over high heat and cook for 20 minutes until the potatoes are soft. You should be able to easily poke a fork into the potatoes. Drain the potatoes and mash them after they’ve cooled. Transfer the potatoes to a large bowl. Let them cool for about 5 minutes. Then, use a potato masher to mash them into chunky mashed potatoes. Add onions, green chili, salt, cayenne pepper, coriander powder, and cumin. Chop 1 medium red onion and 2 green chilies into small cubes. Add them to the potatoes. Then, add 1 1/2 tsp (7 g) of salt, 1 tsp (2 g) cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp (1 g) of coriander powder, and 1/2 tsp (1 g) of cumin powder. Stir until the ingredients are well combined. Use your hands to shape the cutlets. Take a 1 in (2.5 cm) ball of the mixture into your hands. Shape it into a round, flat disc or a rectangle. Repeat with the remaining mixture. Place the shaped cutlets on a clean, flat work surface. Fill one medium bowl with eggs and another with breadcrumbs. Whisk 2 eggs together in a bowl. Fill the other bowl with 1 1/2 cup (200 g) of dry breadcrumbs. Dip the cutlets into the egg mixture and then the breadcrumbs. Take each cutlet and dip it into the egg mixture. Then, transfer it to the bowl with the breadcrumbs. Flip it over several times in the breadcrumbs to make sure it is fully coated on all sides. Repeat with the remaining cutlets. Place the breaded cutlets back on your work surface. Fry the cutlets in oil for 2-3 minutes on each side. Add ⁄ 2 cup (120 ml) of vegetable oil to a large skillet. Place as many potato cutlets in the skillet as will fit without touching each other. Fry them until they turn golden brown. Then, flip them over and fry the other side to golden brown as well. Serve immediately. Potato cutlets are a perfect side dish for meat or vegetable stew. You can also serve them as an appetizer with ketchup or mustard. Buy a pre-sliced cutlet to save on prep time. Many grocery stores slice larger pieces of meat like chicken, veal, beef, or pork into cutlets that are ready to be pounded and cooked. This can save you the time and effort of cutting the meat into thin cutlets yourself. If you want more control over the thickness of your cutlets, it's best to learn to cut them. Slice the cutlets from larger pieces of meat to have more control over the size and shape. Slice each piece of meat into 1⁄2 in (1.3 cm) thick cutlets. Cut chicken or steak cutlets horizontally, slicing off layers of the meat from the top. Cut thicker pieces of meat, like roast, tenderloin, or turkey breast across the grain. If you are slicing chicken breast or steak, place it on a clean, dry cutting board. Place one hand flat on the top of the meat. Slice the meat holding your knife parallel to the cutting board. It's easiest to slice from the thick end to the thin end of the piece of meat. Be sure you buy boneless, skinless chicken breasts for cutlets. Slice thicker meat across the grain by cutting straight downwards perpendicular to the cutting board along the width of the meat. Cutting against the grain can be a little more difficult. To make it easier, refrigerate the meat at least 30 minutes before slicing into cutlets. If this is your first time slicing cutlets, you may end up making some holes in your meat. Don't worry about this. They will still taste good, and you can keep practicing until you master the technique. Sandwich your cutlet between 2 pieces of parchment paper. Place one piece of parchment paper on your cutting board. Place your cutlet on top. Then, cover the meat with another piece of parchment paper. You can also use a large resealable plastic bag. Cut along both edges of the plastic bag so you can open it up into one flat sheet. Place your cutlet on one side of the plastic sheet and fold the other half on top of it. Pound the cutlet with a meat mallet until it is 1⁄2 in (1.3 cm) thick. Keep a tight grip on the mallet. Hit the meat firmly but not so hard that you will pound holes into it. Be sure to pound all over the cutlet so it is evenly thin. If you don't have a meat mallet, you can also use another heavy object, like the back of a heavy skillet or a glass bottle. Try pounding at a slight angle instead of straight up and down for more control over the shape and thickness of your cutlet. Saute the cutlet in oil and butter to bring out the flavor of the meat. For an easy way to cook your cutlet, add 1 teaspoon (4.9 ml) vegetable oil and 1 teaspoon (5 g) of butter to a skillet. Heat them over medium-high heat for about 1 minute. Add your cutlet and cook for 1-2 minutes on the first side. Turn the cutlet with tongs and cook for 2 minutes on the second side. Season with salt and pepper. Dip the cutlet in flour before you saute it to make a crunchy crust on the cutlet. You can also easily turn a cutlet sauteed in flour into chicken piccata for an easy weeknight Italian dinner. Grill your cutlet for an alternative to hamburgers at a barbeque. To do this, preheat your grill. Brush your cutlet with a thin coat of vegetable oil. Grill the cutlet for 2 minutes on each side over direct heat. Season with salt and pepper and serve. Turn the cutlet with metal tongs or a spatula. You can even make a cutlet burger by putting the cutlet inside a hamburger bun and adding ketchup, mustard, lettuce, tomato, or whatever other hamburger toppings you enjoy. Make breaded cutlets for a tasty, crispy dish. Bread your cutlet by putting 1 ½ cups (150 g) dry breadcrumbs, 1/2 cup (64 g) all-purpose flour, and 2 eggs into 3 separate shallow bowls. Dip both sides of your cutlet first in the flour, then the egg, and finally the breadcrumbs. Saute the cutlet in vegetable oil over high heat for 2 minutes on each side. Finally, bake the cutlet in the oven at 400 °F (204 °C) for 10 minutes. You can also make your own breadcrumbs. Use seasoned breadcrumbs if you want more herb flavor. It may be easier to lay the cutlet flat into the bowl of breadcrumbs and then scoop breadcrumbs with your hands from the sides of the bowl and up on top of the cutlet A breaded cutlet is the base of many delicious dishes, including chicken parmesan. 
Sit in the center two-thirds back. In order to get the best sound quality, you should sit where the sound technician sits to calibrate the experience. This is the most common way to get a good seat. That means you should plant yourself two-thirds of the way toward the back of the theater, right in the middle. In terms of viewing, most seats in modern stadium theaters are 12-to-15 inches higher than the seats in front of them, allowing for unobstructed viewing. That's why choosing where you sit based on sound is a good idea. Experts recommend that you sit slightly off center to amplify the effect of the sound. Try sitting one or two seats from the dead center of the theater, two-thirds back. You will have a “dynamic, stereo sound” from this position. This phenomenon is widely known. The sound is going to be sharper – and you will get the full effect of it - in this spot. Sit at the best viewing angle. Almost all movie theaters have a spot where the visuals and audio will be best. You want to find that “sweet spot.” By some standards, a 36-degree viewing angle from the farthest seat in the theater is the best place to sit. You want the viewing angle to be maximum. People have even applied complex mathematical equations to this question! The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers has a visual guideline that advises that the vertical line of sight of the viewer should not be more than 35 degrees from the horizontal to the top of the projected images. The ideal sight line should be 15 degrees beneath the horizontal center line of the projected image on the screen. To feel more immersed in the action, sit in the row where the screen's edges are just inside your peripheral vision's edges. Get a good seat in a home theater. Home theaters are no different than other movie theaters: There are ways to maximize the viewing experience. The optimal viewing distance is the size of your screen's diagonal measurement divided by.84. That means that a 44-inch set should be viewed at 5.4 feet. This is the THX home theater standard. THX recommended viewing distances for a 60-inch TV are 6 to 9 feet. The style of cinematography can also affect how far away you should sit from the screen because some movies were designed to be shown on very large screens. Buy tickets online. Many movie theaters have it set up now so that you can easily buy your tickets online with a credit card. Check on the theater's website. This will allow you to evade long lines for popular movies, thus getting into the theater ahead of other people to choose the best seats. Some dinner theaters allow you to actually select your seats. Some regular theater seat selections are first-come first-serve, though, but buying them online means you can skip the lines and get into the theater sooner before the choice seats are snapped up. Buying tickets online also eliminates the chances you will arrive to a sold-out show. Reserve your seat. You could purchase reserved seats online, depending on the theater. They usually cost a little bit more (a few dollars), but they guarantee you a good seat. You could also buy a reserved seat at the theater. Reserved seats are often more comfortable and are larger recliners too. Most larger theaters sell reserved seats, although some small ones may not. The reserved seats are usually positioned toward the back of the theater where sound is best, and you don't have to crane your neck to see the film. They sometimes have bigger tables to hold your concessions. You are often allowed to select your own reserved seat or the computer will select the best seat available for you. This way if you arrive late or last minute, you won't have to worry about ending up in the first row in a crowded theater. Get there early. This sounds pretty obvious, but if you want to get the best seat, don't show up right as the movie is about to start unless you have a reserved seat. Get there at least 15 to 20 minutes early, and maybe more if it's a super popular showing. The other thing you could do it go on off-times. Some movie theaters have weekday deals. Friday and Saturday night showings of popular new movies are going to be the most crowded. Go on Mondays and Wednesdays. These weekdays are considered the lowest traffic movie days, so if you want to avoid the crowds, go then. Avoiding crowds means you will have your choice of seats. Holidays can see spikes in traffic. If you don't want to fight the crowds for the best movie theater seats, avoid showings around Thanksgiving and Christmas. The last evening showing on Monday or Wednesday will be the emptiest theater yet in most cases. You could also wait until a popular new movie has been out for a while. That way you can avoid the crush, and settle into the best seat in the house instead of battling someone else for it. You could also check out smaller chains or budget theaters. Consider your personal needs. The best seat might not be the seat that allows you to hear or see best if it means you will be uncomfortable. An aisle seat will be better if you are going to have to take several restroom breaks during the showing (or if you are with a child who might). Similarly, if you plan to run back and forth for concessions, you're going to annoy a lot of people by constantly tripping over them on your way out of the middle. If you end up with a middle back seat, plan to feel pretty crammed if the movie is popular, with people on either side of you. If you are very tall with long legs, you might prefer sitting in the middle seats that open onto the aisle so your legs aren't as cramped. Go early or late. The time you go to the theater is going to make a big difference when it comes to theater audience size. The last showing of the evening is less likely to be full, unless it's a blockbuster on opening night, of course. Matinee showings have the added benefit of being cheaper. Not only will you save a few dollars, but you will also not have to face crowds and will have a better chance of getting the optimal seats. Be aware that theaters can fill up on off times when there are special promotions, such as senior citizen days or discount days for teachers or students. 
Use open body language. This means that you have an assertive handshake , sit calmly, but exude energy, and seem in control of all gestures.  Your posture should be relaxed, but your back should be straight. This shows people you are comfortable and confident. Pause when you speak to draw in the listener and show confidence. Keep your legs slightly apart, so you take up more space. This also demonstrates confidence. Lean in slightly when a person is speaking to show interest (leaning away will show a sense of hostility). Don't cross your arms. Instead, let them dangle at your sides or press them together in your lap. This shows you are open to other people. Make sure your handshake is firm, but not too crushing. Look the other person in the eyes, although you shouldn't stare too much. Blink, and look away sometimes, so they don't feel you are trying to be intimidating. Play with your tone of voice. The tone of voice is a way that people communicate confidence. The key to success is projecting confidence. Identify emotional body language. You can determine emotions by paying careful attention to non-verbal cues. You should also take into context what's going on at the time you spot the emotional signs, though. When people are angry, their face flushes, they bare their teeth, they clench their fists, and they invade body space, sometimes by leaning forward. When people are nervous or anxious, their face pales, their mouth seems dry (so they may drink water or lick their lips), they show varying speech tone, and they have tension in their muscles (so they may clench their arms or hands, and their elbows may be drawn into their sides.) Other signs of nervousness include trembling lip, fidgeting, and gasping or holding breath. Avoid blocking. If you are giving a presentation or speech, you want to be as open as you can to your audience. Thus, you should remove physical barriers that will limit your ability to connect. Podiums, computers, chairs, and even a folder are all props that create distance between a speaker and audience, preventing a sense of connection. Crossing your arms or speaking to someone while sitting behind a computer monitor are blocking behaviors. Spot when someone is lying. Body language can give away liars. They might be able to hide their lies in their words, but their bodies often tell another story. Liars are less likely to maintain eye contact, and their pupils may appear constricted. Turning the body away from you is a sign of lying. Complexion changes, such as redness in the neck or face, and perspiration, are all signs of lying, as are vocal changes like clearing of the throat. Be aware that some signs of lying – sweating, poor or no eye contact- are also indications of nervousness or fear. Consider spacing. Different cultures have different ideas about how much physical space you should give another person. But social distance is broken down into four categories. Intimate distance. Defined as touching another person to 45 centimeters. If you enter a person's intimate distance, this can be very unsettling for them unless it's welcomed or you're already intimate. Personal distance. 45 centimeters to 1.2 m. You are close enough to shake hands and to see each other's expressions and gestures. Social distance. This is the normal distance in situations that are impersonal or business transactions, defined as 1.2 m to 3.6 m. Speech should be louder, and eye contact remains important. Public distance. 3.7m to 4.5m. Examples of those who often operate in public distance are teachers or those who talk to people in groups. Non-verbal communication is critical but often exaggerated. Hand gestures and head movements can be more important than facial expressions as the latter are often not perceived. Identify your body language patterns. Make a conscious effort to think about what your body is doing in different interactions with different people. A mirror can be useful to examine facial expressions and posture, but mainly you just want to pay attention to what your body does when you're angry , nervous , or happy. Determine whether your body language is in sync with your message. Your body language is effective if it communicates the message you want it to communicate. Does your posture communicate confidence , or does it make you seem unsure of yourself even though your words express confidence? If your non-verbal signals match your words, you'll not only communicate more clearly, you'll also be perceived as being more charismatic. Use hand gestures when speaking. Experts believe that people who are great speakers are more likely to use hand gestures during conversations or presentations, and they say hand gestures give listeners greater confidence in the speaker. More complex gestures involving two hands above the waist are associated with complex thinking. Politicians like Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, Colin Powell, and Tony Blair are considered charismatic, effective speakers, and that's partly because they frequently use hand gestures. Move throughout the room. Don't only move your hands. Great speakers move around. They point at slides, and they don't keep their distance from people. They are animated. Keeping your hands in your pockets when speaking or having a conversation will make you seem insecure and closed off. In contrast, if you take your hands out of your pockets and keep your palms upward, you will demonstrate that you are likable and believable. Spot emblems. These are gestures that are the equivalents of words. Emblems can be either passive or they can be accepting. Remember that some emblems will have different meanings to different cultures. Clenched fists or other tension in the body can be signs of aggression, as if the person is prepared for a fight. Facing the other person, squared off and towards them, and sitting near them can also be signs of aggression. Sudden movements might be made. In contrast, accepting gestures are those when the arms are rounded and palms sideways, as if the person is offering up a mock hug. Gestures are slow and gentle. Nodding when a person speaks shows you agree with them, and makes you seem like a great listener. Have good posture. If you go to, say a job interview, and you have bad posture, you will probably register more poorly to the interviewer. People will associate bad posture with weak confidence or boredom or lack of engagement. They might even think you're lazy and unmotivated if you don't sit up straight. To have good posture, your head should be up and your back should be straight. Lean forward if you're seated. Sit down the front of your chair, and lean forward slightly to show you're interested and engaged. Mirror another person. Mirroring is when one partner mirrors the posture of the other partner. By copying the actions of the other person, you will make them feel connected to you. You can mirror a person's tone, body language or position of the body. You shouldn't do this blatantly or repeatedly though, only subtly. Mirroring is one of the most effective ways to use body language to build a rapport with someone. Emphasize your point with gestures. Have more than one gesture. This will help you better get your message across. If you want to make sure you're not misunderstood, repeat both gestures when you speak the idea aloud. If the listener doesn't pick up on one gesture, he or she will likely be familiar with the other. You don't have to use a body language gesture (or two) for every word, but it's a good idea to have a toolbox of gestures you can use to reinforce very important, yet easily misinterpreted concepts. Direct the most positive gestures toward the listener. This lets you more clearly indicate that you are offering a favorable outcome to the listener. Direct the most negative gestures away from yourself and the listener. This way you clearly indicate that you wish that no obstacle stands in the way of your intended message. Avoid gestures that show nervousness or insecurity. Keep a check on other body language signals. Watch for wandering eyes, hands picking at fluff on your clothing and constant sniffling. Touching one's face signals anxiety. Improve your posture. If you're constantly hunched over or touching your face, you'll never look confident , approachable or at ease. Improving your posture and working to eliminate nervous tics can be difficult and will take time, but you'll quickly improve your overall non-verbal communication. These small gestures add up and are all guaranteed to dampen the effectiveness of your message. Don't worry about if you accidentally perform a few of these in any given setting. Figure out the “visual dominance ratio. ” When you are talking to someone, you should try to be the person who is “visually dominant” to demonstrate confidence. This ratio is determined by figuring out who is looking at the other person's eyes more, and who is looking away more. Your visual dominance ratio helps determine where you stand on social dominance hierarchy compared to the other person in the conversation. People who spend most of the time looking away have a relatively low amount of social dominance. People who are less likely to look away are probably the boss. People who look downward display helplessness because they seem like they are trying to avoid criticism or any conflict. Use eye contact to send messages. The eyes are the windows to the soul, as the cliché goes. You can learn a lot about a person by paying attention to how they use their eyes. Avoiding eye contact at all, or looking downward with the eyes a lot, are both indications of defensiveness. Eye contact will be more continuous if a person is trying to listen to you, rather than speak. Looking away from the other person can also be an indication the person doing the speaking isn't ready to stop and listen yet. Looking at a person can be an indication of attraction. People who are interested in someone show strong eye contact and lean forward toward the other person in the conversation. Depending on the context, making eye contact with another person can be used to show respect. For example, when you're giving a presentation to a room full of people, divide the room into thirds. Address comments to one side, and then the other side, and then the middle. Pick out a person in each section to address comments to. The people who are sitting around them will think you are having direct contact with them, and this will make them rate you higher as a speaker. Understand affect displays. Pay close attention to facial expressions that convey emotion, especially if they conflict with the words a person is uttering. They can help you figure out a person's true emotions. Regulators are facial expressions that provide feedback during conversations, such as nodding the head, and expressions of interest or boredom. Regulators allow the other person to assess level of interest or agreement. Essentially, they provide feedback. You can show empathy towards another person by using affirmative movements, such as nodding your head and smiling. These gestures, used when another person is speaking, give them positive reinforcement and show you like what they are saying. Avoid defensiveness. Certain body language gestures, including facial expressions, communicate defensiveness, not confidence. Thus, they make you seem less in control. Limited facial expressions and small, close to the body hand/arm gestures are indications of defensiveness. Turning the body away from the other person or crossing your arms in front of your body are other indications of defensiveness. Watch for disengagement. If you are giving a presentation, you want people to be engaged. If you are the person watching the presentation, you want to seem engaged. There are signs you can look for that indicate engagement or a lack thereof. Heads tilted downward and eyes gazing elsewhere indicate disengagement. Slumping in a chair is a sign of disengagement. Similarly, fiddling, doodling, or writing, are signs that a person is disengaged. 
Select a fondue pot. Use a metal, enamelware or cast iron pot to fondue meat. Ceramic fondue pots are best suited to cheese and chocolate fondues. Choose an electric, alcohol or butane powered burner. Fondue pots that use candles as a heat source do not stay hot enough to cook meat. Look for a pot that has edges that curve inward at the top to reduce splashing of hot liquid. Make sure you have enough fondue forks so that each diner has a fork. Fondue forks are long 2-tined forks that are usually color-coded to prevent mix-ups between diners. Prepare bamboo skewers for cooking if you do not have fondue forks. You must soak bamboo skewers for 30 minutes prior to cooking to reduce the chance of burning. Purchase tender cuts if you plan to serve red meat. When you fondue red meat, you typically only cook it for 30 to 60 seconds. Cuts of meat that require braising or roasting will be tough and sinewy if you use them for fondue. Cut up the meat you will fondue into bite-sized pieces.  Marinate the meat pieces if you would like to give them more flavor.  Refrigerate the meat for the fondue until you are ready for diners to begin cooking it.  Choose whether to cook your meat in oil or broth. Consider broth if you want to add more flavor to the meat. You can infuse broth with herbs and spices. Choose a broth that corresponds to the type of meat you are using. Use oil for a more traditional meat fondue. Suitable oil types include vegetable, canola, grapeseed, and peanut. Thoroughly dry meat pieces before cooking to prevent oil from splashing out of the fondue pot. Heat cooking liquid in a heavy bottomed pan on the stove top. The temperature should reach around 375 degrees F (190.5 degrees C). Check the temperature using a deep-frying thermometer. Place a trivet on the table where you will place the fondue pot to protect the table's surface.  Transfer heated liquid into the fondue pot. Pour until the pot is 1/3 to 1/2 full. Be careful not to burn yourself with the hot liquid. Turn on the fondue burner to keep the cooking liquid at the correct temperature. You want to make sure the liquid remains around 375 degrees F (190.5 degrees C) as this is the ideal temperature for cooking the meat. Re-test the temperature using a deep-frying thermometer if you let the cooking liquid cool at all before transferring it to the fondue pot. Place the thermometer in the hot liquid and note the reading. Use a cube of bread to test the cooking liquid temperature if you are using oil and you don't have a deep-frying thermometer. Toss the bread cube in the hot oil and wait 30 seconds. If it becomes golden brown, the oil is the correct temperature. Show diners how to begin cooking their meat pieces. Skewer a piece of meat with a fondue fork or bamboo skewer. Dip the piece of meat in the cooking liquid. Cook red meat 30 seconds for rare, 45 seconds for medium-rare, or 1 minute for well done. Poultry requires 2 minutes of cooking and lamb and pork 1 minute. Remove the cooked meat from the fondue pot and dislodge it from the fondue fork with a table fork. Eat the meat plain or with a dipping sauce.  
Decide where to store your kayak. You need an area with enough space for your kayak. Measure your kayak and your storage space ahead of time to make sure your kayak will fit. Kayaks take up a lot of room and should not be in contact with other objects when being stored. It is best to store it indoors so that it is protected. You could store it in a garage, basement, shed, or any other indoor storage area. Only store it outside as a last resort. If you'll be storing it for long periods of time and have minimal space at your home, you can have the kayak professionally stored. Many kayak schools, kayak rentals, marinas, paddling clubs, or state beaches have available kayak storage. Control the temperature of the storage area. Make sure your kayak won't be subjected to extreme heat or cold. Avoid temperatures below freezing or above 100 degrees Fahrenheit (37.7 degrees Celsius). This is important so that your kayak doesn't become brittle or damaged. Storing your kayak in direct sunlight is the worst option. The heat will warp the plastic and fade the surface. If you're storing the kayak in your garage, make sure it's in a dark area. Make sure you are not storing your kayak near a direct heat source either. Wash out your kayak. Use a mild all-purpose cleaner (such as diluted Castile soap) and a sponge to wipe down your kayak. Make sure to clean the inside and outside. There should be no remaining dirt or residue. Rinse thoroughly with water after cleaning with soap so that no soap remains on the kayak. Dry your kayak. Although kayaks are built for use in water, they are not made to be wet continually. Water will begin to break down the kayak's surface. If it is covered and there is any moisture inside, mold and mildew will grow. To dry your kayak, wipe it with a towel and empty any water from its hatch or drain plug. Remove soft materials if storing outside. Any fabric or soft materials on your kayak, such as the seat, should be removed for storage. This is especially important when storing outside. Soft materials should be stored somewhere dry and not too cold, like in a closet. Cover your kayak. Whether storing your kayak outside or inside, it is a good idea to use a cover. This will protect your kayak from the elements outside and from dust and critters in a garage. You can buy a special kayak cover, use a cover for the cockpit, or use a simple tarp and drape it over your kayak for added protection. It using a tarp, it is best to create space between the tarp and the kayak so that water or snow will not build up on top of the kayak (if it is outside) and so that any remaining moisture isn't locked inside the kayak. To use the tarp like a tent, tie a rope a few feet off the ground in between two trees or poles. Drape the tarp over the rope and place the kayak in its mini “tent.” Find a level surface. This will allow the kayak to balance evenly. Make sure there is a wall that it can lean against. It is best to store a kayak somewhere indoors. This will protect it from the elements outside. A garage, basement, or shed are great places to store a kayak. Store the kayak horizontally on its side. Tilt the kayak so that it is horizontal and rest it against a wall with its cockpit facing out. It should be resting on its side, not flat. It will rest against the wall at an angle. The side of a kayak is one of the strongest parts, so it will not dent easily. But over an entire season, depending on what your kayak is made of (for example, plastic dents easily), it could begin to dent. To avoid this, flip it onto its other side once a month. Store the kayak vertically. Instead of resting it horizontally, turn it vertically and rest it against a wall with its cockpit facing out. To keep it in place while standing up, it should be at a slight angle. You should also store it so that its stern is touching the ground and its bow is up towards the ceiling. To protect your kayak and help it to stay in place, put some padding underneath it. You could place a few towels or cushions inside a small crate and place the end of the kayak inside. To keep your kayak in place, you can install a couple of support pegs on the outer edge of each side of the top of the kayak. Avoid storing the kayak flat. For a short amount of time, it will be ok, but storing it flat, whether face-up or face-down, puts significant stress on the kayak. Because of this, it is best to avoid storing it flat on the ground whenever possible. This includes hanging the kayak from the ceiling. Hoists can conveniently get kayaks out of the way, but they are not very secure, and since the kayak has to lay flat, significant stress is placed on the kayak. Therefore, it is better to mount it on a wall. Find a sturdy structure. Never hang a kayak from drywall or plywood. You need a sturdy wood beam or strong metal pipes that will support the kayak. Choosing a good location to hang it from is important to ensure the safety of the kayak and the wall. Most wall mounting storage systems require you to install them in the studs of the wall. Buy a rope or bracket-style storage system. A rope system works by attaching the ropes to your wall and wrapping the ropes around your kayak. A bracket system works by supporting the kayak on top of the brackets, which are installed into the wall. They are both good, safe ways to hang a kayak, but a bracket system is more expensive. You can purchase a tilt storage rack for $100. This is a storage rack that consists of two large brackets that you will mount to a wall. They securely support your kayak and fold out of the way when not in use. You can purchase a kayak hanger for $25. It works by attaching ropes to the wall with hooks. It is easy to install and the ropes go around your kayak to hold it in place. Or if you already have sturdy ropes, you can build your own for free! Attach the storage unit to the wall. If you purchased a storage system, refer to the manual and follow its instructions. Different installation is required for different systems. To attach the tilt storage rack, you must locate the studs of your wall and then drill a hole into the center of the stud. You will attach one post at a time, making sure they are perfectly level. You will attach the top of the post first and then the bottom. Your distance between the posts will depend on the size of your kayak. Their distance should be at least the diameter of the kayak's cockpit. To attach the kayak hanger, you must locate wall studs or ceiling rafters. You will then drill a hole for the eye bolts. The distance between them should be about a third of the total length of the kayak. You will screw in the eye bolts by twisting them into the hole you drilled. You will then insert a hook into each eye bolt. The rope will hang down and you can wrap it around the kayak. Hang the kayak on its side. Tilt the kayak onto its side. The kayak should be hung horizontally with its cockpit facing out. Its backside should lie flat against the wall. Attach the kayak on each side of the cockpit. The cockpit is the strongest part of the kayak. The ropes or brackets should support the kayak right outside of its cockpit, one on each side. Ensure the kayak is properly balanced. This is accomplished by making sure the straps or brackets are equidistant from each end of the kayak. By placing them just outside of the cockpit, it should be fairly centered, but feel free to adjust the kayak's position so that it is completely level and not tilting towards one side or the other. Avoid hanging it by its handles. It may seem convenient to hang a kayak by its carrying handles on its ends, but these are not meant for storage. The kayak will be put under a lot of stress by supporting it at its weakest points and will likely warp. Buy PVC pipe and PVC joints. Purchase 10 feet (3 m) of 1-inch (2.54 cm) PVC pipe and 4 PVC joints and 3 1-inch PVC mounting clamps to create a 1 ft (.3 m) by 4 ft (1.2 m) rectangular frame. This will secure your kayak vertically against a wall. Buy extra PVC in case you need it. Assemble the PVC frame. You will need to cut the PVC pipe using a saw and connect the frame by the joints. Saw two pieces that are 1 ft (.3 m) long and two pieces that are 4 ft (1.2 m) long. Attach them by gluing the pieces together in the joints using all-purpose PVC glue. It will form a large rectangle. Allow the joints to dry fully before affixing the frame to the wall. Affix the PVC frame to a wall. Place it 5 feet (1.52 m) from the ground on a wall in your storage area with the mounting clamps. Screw the clamps into the studs of the wall in a straight line. Screw in one clamp on each stud (with a standard distance of 16” between studs, this should require 3 clamps for a 4 ft frame), then clip each clamp on the same side of the rectangular frame. This will hold the frame securely in place, attached to the wall. Install it higher or lower depending on the size of your kayak. Put your kayak vertically into the frame. Place the bow through the rectangle from the bottom of the rack. Push up on the stern towards the wall so that the bow goes through the rectangular frame and the stern touches the ground. The cockpit should face out. The rack will hold it in place and allow it to lean against the wall. Check on the kayak periodically. At least once a week, inspect the kayak to guarantee it hasn't slipped or sagged. 
Remove drapes, blinds or any other window furnishings from your door.  Grasp each end of the door. Push the door up so that the wheels on the bottom of the door clear the track. You may have to use a screwdriver to loosen the level screws for the bottom wheels in order to get them to clear the bottom threshold. Keep pushing the door upward. Pull it towards you at the same time until it clears the door opening. Place the door on two sawhorses so that you can clean the track wheels.  Use a wire brush to loosen the hair and dirt from the wheels.  Vacuum the debris from the wheels and the entire bottom and top of the door.  Apply a non-stick silicone lubricant to the wheels.  Test the rollers to be sure that they are clear of all debris and are moving freely.  Vacuum the door track.  Wipe out the door track with a wet rag.  Apply some of the lubricant to the tracks in the door opening before you replace the door.  Lift the door from the sawhorses. Position the top of the door inside the top track of the door opening. Push the door up so that the bottom rollers clear the bottom threshold.  Let the rollers drop into the bottom track. If you have loosened any screws, retighten them once the door is completely back in its track to make sure the door is plumb. Slide the door back and forth until it is sliding smoothly.  Thoroughly vacuum the track to your door while it is still closed.  Slide the door all the way open so that you can access the other side of the track.  Scrape out the dirt and debris from the track using a flat blade screwdriver.  Vacuum the loosened dirt using an attachment with a narrow tip.  Use an old rag to apply generous amounts of a non-stick lubricant to both tracks of the sliding door.  Slide the door open and shut several times so that the entire track gets lubricated. You may have to open and shut the door for several minutes before it slides smoothly. 
Protect your work area from stains with newspaper or paper towels. Your work area should include a sink that can be washed and rinsed out with dish soap and water, usually either a kitchen or laundry-room sink. To prevent splattered dye from staining the surrounding countertop, lay down several layers of paper towels or newspapers. Wear rubber gloves to avoid staining your hands. Fabric dye leaves strong stains that could remain on your skin for several days. Prevent these stains by wearing thick rubber gloves that reach past your wrists. Check the gloves frequently for holes or tears, and replace them if necessary. If you do get dye on your skin, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water. Then, mix a small amount of baking soda with a bit of water to make a paste. Apply the paste to your skin and scrub to remove dye. Remove your item from dye after 2-24 hours. Your fabric needs sufficient time in the dye for the colors to set. The longer you allow the material to remain in the dye, the easier it will be to remove excess dye while still leaving behind vibrant colors and patterns. If you can, leave the item in the dye overnight. Rinse your material under cold water to remove loose dye. Leaving your item securely tied or rubber-banded, run it under cold water. Allow the loose dye to rinse from the material until the water runs clear. This may only take a few minutes, but rinsing times vary. Be prepared to hold the fabric under cold water for 20-30 minutes. Remove rubber bands or ties from your fabric. Now that you've rinsed out the first portion of the loose dye, it's time to remove the strings or rubber bands that formed your pattern. Use scissors to cut through these ties and gently unfold the material. Take a minute to enjoy seeing your fabric for the first time! Rinse your material under hot water to remove excess dye. Run your item under the warmer water until this, too, runs clear. Be sure the water isn't so hot that it burns your hands.Your rinse time will vary under the hot water as well. Generally expect to rinse for at least five minutes and up to about twenty. Set your fabric aside on a layer of plastic wrap. To prevent your fabric from staining your countertops while you prepare your washing machine, set out a layer of plastic wrap large enough to lay your material flat on top of it. For added protection, place the plastic wrap on top of the paper towels or newspapers. Use a washing machine for best results. While you may prefer to hand wash very delicate tie-dyed fabrics such as silk or rayon, most materials do best in the washing machine. Using the machine provides the efficient and complete wash your fabric needs. Leaving loose dye in the material may cause bleeding in the colors and patterns. If you don't have a machine at home, ask a friend if you can use theirs. Be sure they understand that you're washing tie-dyed material and may need to run the machine several times. You can also visit a laundromat. Check with the company to ensure they'll allow you to wash tie-dyed fabrics. Turn your washing machine to its normal cold-water cycle. Just as with hand-rinsing, tie-dyed fabrics should be washed first in cold water. This allows the loose dye to slowly rinse out, preventing the fabric from losing too much color at once. Most fabrics can be washed for the full length of a normal cycle. Check any tags to ensure you're following the proper instructions for your particular item. For rayon or other delicate fabrics, use a mesh laundry bag on the delicates cycle. This will protect those fabrics from damage. Use a mesh bag you don't mind replacing, as it may become stained with dye. Choose synthrapol detergent for top-loading machines. Synthrapol is a special detergent that's particularly good at rinsing excess dyes from fabrics. It's a highly concentrated substance that will create a sudsy wash, so it should only be used in top-loading washing machines. Add 1-2 tbsp. (14.79-29.57 mL) to the machine. For heavily dyed items that you're hoping to wash more thoroughly, add up to a ¼ cup (118 mL). Choose regular detergent for front-loading machines. To prevent front-loading machines from leaking suds, stick with regular laundry detergent. Use the normally recommended amount of detergent to wash your items. Be aware that you may need to repeat the washing process a few extra times when using regular detergent. Load no more than four items in the machine. Avoid overfilling the machine. While it's safe to wash tie-dyed fabrics together, they need enough space in the washer to get fully washed and rinsed. You also don't want the water to get too “muddy.” If you're worried about your items bleeding together in the machine, you can wash them entirely separately. Run machine on warm- or hot-water cycles for subsequent washings. It's a good idea to wash your tie-dyed fabric separately from your other laundry for a few more cycles. Most items will need at least one or two more washings before the loose dye is completely washed out. Continue to use either synthrapol or normal laundry detergent, depending on your type of washing machine. Check on the water during the rinse cycle for loose dye. During these final washings, look to see if your fabric is rinsing clean. Open the washing machine (or, if you have a glass door, peek inside) during the rinse cycle to examine the water. If it looks clear instead of muddy with dye, your item is done washing. Your fabric may need to be washed in warmer water a few times before it rinses clear. Dry fabrics by following the instructions for the material type. Different materials require different drying methods. Cotton, for example, may shrink a bit the first time it goes through a full dryer cycle. Other, more delicate fabrics may need only a tumble-dry. Check the tag to ensure you're drying your material correctly. If you're worried about damage or shrinkage, allow your items to air dry. Wash and dry your tie-dyed fabric with the rest of your laundry. After you've rinsed, washed, and dried your tie dye, it's ready to wear. When it's time to clean the fabric again, you can add the items to your typical laundry load. Wash and dry them normally. Use your usual laundry detergent and dryer sheets, following the instructions for the specific material type. If you're worried about the bright colors fading, put your tie-dyed fabric in cold-water cycles with any other brightly colored clothing you need to wash. Use a color-safe detergent. This will extend the life of the colors. 
Set your appointment with your dentist or oral surgeon. Make sure you make your appointment on a day that allows you to recuperate after the surgery. For instance, make your appointment on a Thursday or Friday so that you can recover over the weekend. If you are a woman, and you are on birth control, schedule the surgery after you menstruate to help prevent dry sockets from developing. Your menstrual cycle can affect your likelihood of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Women who take oral contraceptive pills are more likely to have postoperative nausea and vomiting on days 9-15 of their cycle. Go to the grocery store the night before. Buy soft, easy-to-eat foods like applesauce, chicken soup, yogurt, canned fruit, gelatin, pudding or cottage cheese. You'll need to skip foods that require chewing or foods that are served either extremely hot or extremely cold for a while after your surgery. Also remember that you should not drink alcohol, soda, coffee, or hot beverages the first few days after surgery. Stock up on movies, games and books. You may be in a lot of pain, so you want to make sure you have a lot of resources around to keep your mind off of your discomfort. You'll need to take it easy for a few days. Find someone to drive you to the clinic. You'll be groggy after the operation, and you'll need someone to drive you home and help you pick up your painkillers at the drugstore. Leave the gauze on the surgical site for at least 30 minutes. Do not attempt to change the gauze as it will disrupt the clotting process. Once the first gauze pad has been taken off, keep the area clean and leave it alone. Do not attempt to spit blood out frequently as the pressure change in your mouth will inhibit clotting. Instead, use fresh gauze to absorb the blood. Use tea bags. If your wounds are still bleeding at a steady pace after 12 hours or so, stop biting gauze and start biting moist tea bags. The tannins within tea leaves promote clotting, and for some people, the caffeine increases circulation. This process encourages the build-up of clotting platelets within the stitched area, which speeds up healing and recovery time. Rinse your mouth with salt water. Combine 1 teaspoon of sea salt with 8 ounces of warm water. Take the liquid into your mouth, gently let it soak for a moment then let drizzle out into your sink or toilet. Do not gurgle or spit as this may dislodge the blood clot in the wound. The salt water will promote healing and decrease irritation. Be sure to rinse extra-gently on the first day after surgery. Use only the salt water rinse to clean your mouth for the first 24 hours after surgery. Wait until your doctor recommends to start using a toothbrush again (usually safe by the second day). Use an ice pack to ease pain and swelling. Ice may be applied to your cheeks to help prevent swelling for the first 24 hours. After 24 to 72 hours, ice may continue to help ease the pain, but will be useless in prevention of swelling. If you don't have tools for an ice pack , use a bag of frozen vegetables. When enough time has passed, according to the guidelines given to you by your dental surgeon, apply a heating pad to your cheeks. Your body's natural response will cause additional swelling if the ice pack is reapplied. Elevate your head. Whether you're sleeping on your couch or on your bed, place 2 or more pillows beneath your head to elevate your mouth. Elevation will decrease swelling. Keep your supplies close by. You'll need your water, gauze, painkillers and antibiotics close to you so that you don't have to get up and go to the bathroom to get the things you need. Avoid using straws to drink liquids. The vacuum created within your mouth can dislodge your clots and slow down the healing process. Skip cigarette smoking and alcohol. Both of these activities can inhibit the healing process. You should wait at least 72 hours after surgery to use tobacco products (but longer is better). Control your pain. You can take prescribed painkillers, or you can take over-the-counter ibuprofen to prevent pain, inflammation and swelling. Skip the aspirin because it could make you bleed and slow your healing. Make sure to take painkillers as soon as you leave the dental clinic. Take them with a small meal to prevent nausea and vomiting. You may still be numb from the anesthetic, and you may think that you don't need painkillers. However, when the anesthetic wears off, you may find yourself experiencing a high degree of discomfort. Avoid driving or operating heavy machinery for at least 24 hours. The anesthetic along with your pain medication can make these activities hazardous. Talk to your doctor if you experience severe nausea and vomiting. Your doctor may be able to prescribe a different pain medication that doesn't make you sick. Ask for help. Count on your spouse, your friends or your family to take care of you while you're recovering. Have them take your phone calls, help you with chores, bring you food and keep you comfortable while you heal. 
Spot uncharacteristic changes in the color of feathers. Color changes are a common sign of nutritional disorders. Color changes in plumage may indicate liver problems that are connected to a nutritional deficiency. For instance, if your parrot has red feathers that suddenly turn green, this could be an indication of a nutritional deficiency. Watch the bird’s breast development. Healthy eclectus should not have noticeable or large breasts. Since eclectus tend to add weight inside the body cavity first, the development of meaty breasts are an almost certain sign of obesity. This is likely related to some sort of nutritional problem or disorder. If you notice your bird becoming obese, you should re-evaluate its diet. In many cases, you'll need to lower their consumption of pellets and increase their consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables. Likewise, if the bird's breast bone is very prominent, the bird is underweight and is not receiving adequate nutrition from the food or is not eating enough. Watch for aggression. While aggression is a symptom of a variety of many conditions, it is also an indication of a potential nutritional disorder. Birds that act aggressive may not be getting all the vitamins they need to be healthy. In addition, they may be hungry. Look for signs of hyperactivity. If you notice your parrot has extra energy, is awake more than it should be, or is generally hyperactive, it might be experiencing a nutritional disorder of some sort. Evaluate your parrot's diet and consider adding more fresh fruits and vegetables. Take note if your eclectus destroys its feathers. Birds that systematically tear out their feathers could have an underlying nutritional disorder. Watch for your bird picking at their skin, plucking their feathers, or having a loss of feathers of night or while you are not at home. Address loss of feathers by visiting your vet. In many cases, your vet will recommend altering the bird's diet. Remember that there are many reasons for feather plucking, including nutritional disorders. You should take your bird to an avian veterinarian at the first sign of an issue for a proper diagnosis and treatment. An early diagnosis is important, as an established disorder will be harder to treat. Watch for hypovitaminosis A. Hypovitaminosis A is a disorder that eclectus parrots get when they don't get enough vitamin A in their diet. The most common cause of hypovitaminosis A in eclectus parrots is an overconsumption of seeds. This is a very severe threat to your parrot's health. Some symptoms include: White patches on the mouth or tongue. Labored breathing Lack of appetite Nasal discharge Diarrhea Feather discolorations Identify calcium and phosphorus imbalances. Like hypovitaminosis A, calcium and phosphorus imbalances occur when an eclectus parrot consumes too many seeds and grains. This results in an inability to digest and absorb calcium and phosphorus. Symptoms of calcium and phosphorus imbalances include: Weakness Osteoporosis Bone fractures Brittle eggs Look for vitamin D imbalances. Like other nutritional imbalances, vitamin D problems reflect an improperly formulated eclectus diet. When an eclecctus has a vitamin D imbalance, their body will be unable to metabolize calcium properly. This will eventually result in the formation of kidney stones. Symptoms include: Excessive urination or inability to urinate Weakness Irritability Thirst Identify liver problems. Due to their digestive system, eclectus parrots are at a higher risk of developing liver problems if they do not get proper nutrition. If caught early, liver problems could be minor. However, if underlying nutritional problems are not addressed quickly, they could endanger your bird's life. Some symptoms of nutritional-related liver problems include: Abnormal feather color. Loss of appetite. Low energy. Provide the bird with a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables each day. Eclectus parrots need more fruits and vegetables than other types of parrots. Their diet should consist of about 80% fruits and vegetables. Without fruits and vegetables, they'll suffer nutritional disorders. In particular, provide: Leafy greens. Colorful fruits like berries and citrus. Give bird pellets only as a supplement. About 20% of your bird's diet should be a quality bird food in pellet form. Bird food will provide some fiber, fat, and other nutrients that the birds may not get from fruits or vegetables. In addition, your bird will likely enjoy its pellets. Do not put your eclectus on a seed-based diet. Seed-based diets are one of the greatest causes of nutritional disorders in eclectus. Because eclectus parrots have a different digestive system than other birds, they are unable to digest seeds. In addition, seeds do not provide the nutrition that eclectus parrots need to be healthy. Consider soaking bird pellets in water before serving them to your eclectus. Avoid certain foods. Your eclectus could suffer nutritional disorders if it consumes certain foods. These foods could cause kidney problems, liver problems, and other illnesses. Ultimately, you should only give your eclectus foods that its digestive system can properly process. Avoid: Foods with lots of sugar or salt. Processed foods. Bird food mixes with a lot of seeds or nuts. Foods that contain caffeine. Avocados. Chocolate. 
Place the frozen salmon in a resealable plastic bag. Remove the fish from its original packaging. Pop the frozen pieces into a gallon-sized zip-top plastic bag. Squeeze out any air bubbles so that the sides of the fish are pressed against the inside of the bag. Then seal it up tightly. Set the bagged salmon into a large, deep bowl. Choose a bowl that's wide and deep enough to hold the salmon pieces without the fish extending over the top of the bowl. The fish should be fully submerged when the bowl is filled with water. Use 2 or more resealable plastic bags and 2 or more bowls if you're defrosting a larger quantity of salmon. Fill up the bowl with cold water until the salmon is submerged. Run water from the faucet until it's cold to the touch. It should reach below 40 °F (4 °C) to prevent the growth of bacteria. Once you reach the right temperature, pour enough water into the bowl to completely cover up all parts of the frozen fish. Use a sealed can or jar to weigh down the fish if it floats to the top; aim to keep all of the salmon underwater. Refrain from using warm water. If you warm up the outsides of the salmon, the fish will quickly lose its moisture and flavor. Plus, the insides won't be properly defrosted. Refresh the water every 10 to 20 minutes or use running water. For a lower-maintenance defrosting method, keep the faucet running so that cold water pours directly into the bowl. You'll need to weigh down the salmon with a sealed jar or can as it's more likely to float to the top this way. Or, if you don't want to use running water, just tip out and refill the cold water ever 10 to 20 minutes. It's important to refresh the water so that it doesn't start to approach room temperature. It should stay close to 40 °F (4 °C) the whole time. Thaw the salmon under cold water for up to 1 hour before cooking it. Allow 30 minutes of defrosting time for every 1 lb (0.45 kg) of fish. Once the fish has completely defrosted, cook it immediately. Refrain from leaving it in the fridge or refreezing it. This method doesn't work well for whole fish, as they won't fit in a resealable gallon bag and are typically too thick to thaw completely underwater. Instead, try defrosting a whole salmon in the fridge overnight. If any ice crystals remain in the inside cavities of a whole salmon, seal the fish in plastic wrap and run cold water over the frozen parts for up to 1 hour. Remove the salmon from the freezer 12 hours before you plan to cook it. Fridge defrosting yields the most successful and flavorful cooked salmon. Thin salmon fillets and pieces weighing less than 1 lb (0.45 kg) each will take around 12 hours to defrost in the freezer. For whole fish or thick cuts weighing over 1 lb (0.45 kg) each, take the salmon out of the freezer 24 hours in advance. If you want to prepare your salmon fillets at 7:00 PM, take them out of the freezer first thing in the morning, at 7:00 AM. It's okay to leave thin cuts in the refrigerator overnight, but don't leave them in longer than 24 hours. So, if you want to start cooking your salmon at 4:30 PM on Tuesday, and you won't be up at 4:30 AM that morning, you can take it out of the freezer before you go to bed on Monday night. Wrap each frozen salmon piece in plastic wrap. Remove the fish from its original packaging. This is especially important to do if the salmon came in a vacuum-sealed package. Seal up the individual piece(s) of frozen fish in a single layer of plastic wrap. If the fish came in a package with multiple fillets and you only want to defrost 1 or a few, remove the desired piece(s) of salmon from the package, then reseal it and return it promptly to the freezer. Place the plastic-wrapped salmon on a paper towel-lined dish. Set a layer or 2 of paper towels at the base of the dish to capture any moisture from the thawing process. Then put the pieces of salmon side-by-side on the dish. Choose a plate or bowl that's large enough to fit the pieces of salmon in a single layer. Leave the dish of frozen salmon in the fridge for at least 12 hours. Wait around 12 hours for pieces under 1 lb (0.45 kg) to defrost. For larger cuts or whole fish weighing more than 1 lb (0.45 kg), wait around 24 hours before removing the fish from the fridge. Make sure your refrigerator is set to 40 °F (4 °C) or less. Cook the defrosted salmon immediately after removing it from the fridge. Once the fish has thawed out, it's ready to cook. Discard the paper towel, packaging, and any plastic wrap you used. Then be sure to cook the salmon until it reaches an internal temperature of 145 °F (63 °C). Don't leave the salmon to sit out at room temperature unless you're planning to cook it right away. While it's technically safe to refreeze the uncooked salmon after you've thawed it correctly in the fridge, it will loose much of its flavor and moisture. Take the frozen salmon out of its packaging 10 minutes before cooking it. If you're defrosting all of the fish, discard the plastic wrapping and any paper or foil packaging that it came in. If you're defrosting 1 or a few pieces from a larger package, remove the ones you want, reseal the packaging, and return it to the freezer. Microwave defrosting is the quickest method, but it's not highly recommended. The salmon will certainly be safe to cook and eat, but it may end up tough and dry or unevenly heated. Place the frozen salmon on a dish between 2 pieces of paper towel. Use a microwave-safe dish that's large enough to fit all of the salmon pieces side-by-side. Line the bottom of the dish with a few pieces of paper towel to catch the melting ice crystals. Place the salmon directly onto the paper towel-lined dish, and cover it with another piece of paper towel. Position the thickest parts of the fish towards the outside edges of the dish and the thinnest parts toward the center so the whole piece defrosts evenly. Use the microwave’s defrost setting to gradually heat the fish. Each microwave will be slightly different but start by hitting the defrost button. Then, if prompted, enter either the weight of your salmon or the amount of time you want the microwave to run. Aim to warm up the salmon for 4 to 5 minutes per 1 lb (0.45 kg) of fish you're defrosting. The defrost setting is usually 30% of the microwave's heating power, so if you don't have a defrost feature, set the controls to 30% or Power 3. Pause the microwave halfway through to flip over the salmon. If you're defrosting a 1 lb (0.45 kg) piece of salmon, open the microwave door about 2.5 minutes through the defrosting sequence. Carefully flip the salmon over so that the bottom side faces the top. This will help it thaw out more evenly. Then close the door and allow the microwave to continue the cycle. Wash your hands with soap after handling the raw, partially-thawed fish. Remove the salmon from the microwave before it’s totally thawed. Stop defrosting the fish when it's mostly pliable but still contains a few frozen patches. Feel the fish to check on its progress. If needed, keep defrosting it for 30 seconds at a time until it reaches this stage. After handling the raw seafood, wash your hands thoroughly with soap. Avoid overdoing the microwave defrosting. If you keep it in for too long, it may start to cook unevenly or dry out. Let the salmon sit at room temperature for 5 minutes before cooking it. Instead of totally defrosting it in the microwave, take the salmon out of the microwave and allow the heat to work through the fish while it rests at room temperature. Wait about 5 minutes for the frozen patches to thaw out. Then immediately cook the salmon. Feel free to cook the salmon in the microwave or in the oven. 
Make sure that the brake pads aren't worn down. Pads that are worn down significantly will stick no matter how much you adjust them. If your brake pads are less than ⁄ 4  in (0.64 cm) thick, then you need to replace them. They should be "toed-in," meaning that front edge of the pads should touch the wheel rim first when you press the brake lightly. Check for a lip on the brake pad. Some brake pads have a "lip" that sticks out on the side closest to the hub. This is caused by uneven wear and you will need to file or sand it down if there is a lip. If you've worn your pads down around the lip, then they might get stuck in the rim. Sand or file down the lip. If you do find that the lip is sticking out too far, file or sand it down with sandpaper so that the wheel can spin smoothly. Be very careful not to sand off so much that the brake pads won't work! You may need to remove the wheel to do this. Lubricate the lever pivots. These are the points upon which the individual parts of your breaks pivot. If your levers feel rigid, try oiling the "pivot" pins on the lever handle. Place a dab of oil on each pivot point. Use a light machine oil or a special bicycle lubricant for best results. After you oil the lever pivots, they should feel snappy and quick when you pull them. Do not use lubricant on brake pads, rotors, or rims. This might ruin the pads and make it hard for you to stop your bike! Check the cables and replace them if needed. Look for split housing and corroded cables, and replace the housing and cables if needed. If your levers are fine and the pad isn't stuck to the wheel somehow, then your cables form the next likely problem area. You should be able to fix your cables by hand without consulting a mechanic. If you do have trouble, however, don't hesitate to take your bicycle in to a shop. Split housing and corroded cables are common when you have stuck brakes. Adjust the cable lengths to increase tension. The cable length adjustment is perhaps the most basic brake repair task that you'll encounter. On a typical safety bike, you can make fine adjustments without any specialized tools. Simply turn a barrel adjuster to make the best fit at the end of a length of cable housing. The barrel adjuster for a V brake is normally located on the hand-lever, where the housing exits. Lubricate the cables. Get lubricant in an aerosol can with a tube. Then, spray oil into the cable housing at the ferrule: the cap where the cable enters the housing underneath the brake levers. Use a light machine oil with a small nozzle similar to "3 in 1" Oil, or purchase a special brake cable oil at a bike shop. Spray gently, and don't over-saturate the cables. WD-40 and other industrial-grade degreasing products may "wash" the factory lubricant off the cable. When the WD-40 evaporates, there will be very little lubricant residue on the cable. Remove the tubing. If the cable is still stiff, try taking it out of its plastic tubing. First, remove the clamp at either the caliper or brake lever. Then, pull the cable out the opposite end. If you remove the cable, use an aerosol solvent (or even WD-40) to flush any dirt or debris from the cable tube while the cable is out. Apply a light coat of lithium grease or machine oil to the cable. Finally, reinstall the cable if it is not damaged. Put the cables back into the casing. Thread the loose end of the cable through the clamp at the end where you removed it. Then, check the "free travel": the distance the brake lever can be squeezed before the brake contacts the wheel. Tighten the clamp when the brake pads are about ⁄ 4 inch (0.6 cm) from the wheel with the lever released. Bleed and replace the brake fluid. If possible, consult the manufacturer's instructions and any video tutorials you can find to ensure that you get the correct type of bleed kit for your bike. This only applies to hydraulic brake systems. If you have hydraulic brakes, then the fluid will occasionally need to be bled and replaced. Make sure you don't get a lot of air bubbles in your replacement fluid. This can lead to the brakes feeling soft. Never use mineral oil as brake fluid if your user's manual specifies DOT (Department of Transportation-approved brake fluid).Likewise, never use DOT if your manual tells you to use mineral oil.' If you mixed up your fluids last time you bled the system, then that might be your problem. Avoid getting any oil or dot fluid on the brake pads because this will ruin them. Consult your user's manual for more specific instructions. There are several kinds of hydraulic systems, and each is a little bit different. Look to your manual for step-by-step instructions. If you can't access your manual, try to figure out exactly what type of hydraulic system you have, and then find online instructions for that specific system. If you're still having trouble, then consider visiting a bike shop. Adjust the calipers for rim brakes. The calipers are the part of the bike that actually squeeze the brake pads to the tire on rim brakes. Here's how to adjust them: Unscrew the brake pads, located on the inside of the brake calipers above your tires. The brake pad is the small piece of rubber on the lower inside of the caliper that actually comes into contact with the wheel. Adjust the brake so that it is 3 - 5 mm from the rim. Tighten the brake pad. Spin the wheel in the air and test the brakes. Adjust further as needed. Take your bike to a mechanic. If all else fails, then it may be most efficient to ask a professional to fix your brakes. Look for a reputable bike shop or mechanic in your area. Read bicycle shop reviews online before you visit. You should be able to get a good sense for whether the mechanics there are helpful. 
Choose a square-shaped scarf. This method works well with a lightweight, square-shaped scarf made from any type of fabric. Choose a light satin or cotton fabric works well in the summer, and a heavier wool fabric is warm for winter. You will also need two scarf pins. Fold the top right corner to the bottom left corner. The folded scarf is now shaped like a triangle. Place the scarf over your head. The widest part of the triangle should fall at the top of your forehead, with the two corners draped over your shoulders. The third corner of the triangle is at the back of your head. Pinch the edges of the scarf under your chin. Open your mouth to form an "O" while doing this, so your jaw will have room to move around once the hijab is in place. Pin the scarf under your chin. Cross the corners of the scarf over your neck. Cross the left side to the right, and the right side to the left. Drape the tails over your shoulders. Pin the tails of the scarf behind your head. Lift up the back corner of the scarf and pin the ends at the back of your head, then drape the corner over the pinned part. Adjust as needed. Make sure the scarf is straight and securely in place. Choose a rectangular scarf. A pashmina or another large rectangular scarf works well here. You will also need one pin. Drape it over your head. The edge of the scarf should pass over the top of your forehead, with the sides draping over your shoulders. Adjust the scarf so that one side hangs down twice as low as the other. Wrap the long end of the scarf around your chin and over your head. Drape the end of the scarf over your opposite shoulder. Pin the end in place on the side of your head. Use a scarf pin to keep the scarf in place. Adjust the scarf as needed. The scarf should look as though it forms one long, flowing loop around your head and under your chin. Make sure it's secure and won't slip off. Choose a one or two-piece Al-Amira scarf. The one-piece version is made with a hole in the middle, so you can easily slip it over your head. The two piece version also includes an underscarf for extra coverage on your head. Place the underscarf on your head. Put it on like you would a headband. It should sit over your forehead, to provide extra coverage there. If you have a one-piece version, you can skip this step. Slide your head through the opening of the scarf. Arrange it so that your face is encircled by the scarf, with its folds draping over your shoulders, chest and back. Arrange the folds in a comfortable fashion. Make sure it's securely in place and won't fall off. 
Identify where the line should be drawn. Depending on your project, decide where you need clear, concise lines to be drawn. Because the use of a speed square will vary depending on the project, create a plan specific to your needs and decide exactly where lines must be drawn. Use the square to locate and mark studs, position floor joists, lay out stair stringers, determine roof pitches, any other project that is dependent on straight lines. Creating a plan and knowing where you need the lines to be will help you plan ahead and make less mistakes. Position the lipped fence of the speed square against the edge of the wood. Identify the lipped fence, or fence of the speed square, and place it flush with the edge of the wood. When drawing lines, keep the lipped fence firmly pressed against the wood for best results. Use either side of the speed square, as both sides will have a lipped fence. The lipped fence allows you to brace the speed square flush with the wood, creating a straight or angled line that is proportionate to the wood's edge. Draw a straight line. Use a pencil to draw a square, or perfectly straight line down your piece of wood. Place the graphite of the pencil against the base of the speed square and slowly trace the line. Make as many straight marks as your project calls for and redo the lines if you make a mistake. Straight lines are necessary for projects that call for shortening pieces of wood, especially when accuracy is a must. Using a pencil to draw the line will allow you to erase the mark if you make a mistake or change a plan. Draw a 45° line. Keep the lipped fence of the speed square flush with the wood and use a pencil to trace a line down the hypotenuse, or longest part, of the speed square. Trace the hypotenuse to create perfect 45° angles, especially during projects that call for perfectly angled pieces of wood. 45° lines are necessary for many projects, especially when it comes to roof rafters and other sloped pieces of wood. The hypotenuse is the longest line of the speed square, connecting the base of and the lipped fence. Use the ruler to measure distances between marks. With the ruler on each face of the speed square, measure distances between markings for accuracy. Take measurements for straight lines, as well as for 45° marks. The ruler on the speed square will allow you to make accurate, perfectly measured marks on pieces of wood. Press the fenced lip of the speed square flush with the wood. Keeping the speed square flush with the piece of wood you are using will keep the protracted angles accurate during later stages.Position the base of the speed square on the wood so that you can make the mark in the correct location. You will only need to keep one point of the speed square flush when pivoting it, but it is important to begin flush with the wood. Use the pivot point to set the speed square to the appropriate angle. Holding the pivot point on the speed square, which is located at one end of the lipped fence, rotate the speed square until your desired angle matches with the end of the wood. Be as accurate as possible with your measurement, taking care to line the speed square exactly at the desired angle. The speed square will have ruler-like numbers on the hypotenuse side, which represent different angles ranging from 0 to 90. Trace the base of the speed square. Once your angle has been aligned, trace the base, not the hypotenuse, to create your angled mark. Trace slowly and accurately, taking care to create a thick, visible line with your pencil. Once the mark has been made, erase the graphite if you feel like you've made a mistake and try again. Reposition the speed square and draw a straight line. In order to gain an accurate representation of your angle and check your mark, position the base of the speed square with the end of the mark. Trace the base of the speed square to draw a straight line, allowing you to visibly identify the angled mark. Clamp the piece of wood to a table. For safety purposes, it is important to secure the wood to the table. Use medium sized C-clamps that allow you to screw and secure the wood to the table. Tighten the clamps until the wood does not move when pressed on or pushed. Do not clamp the wood too tight, as this could damage or split the wood. Stop securing the piece of wood as soon as it is secure and unmovable. Place the speed square flush with the wood. Using the lipped fence of the square, brace it firmly against the wood to ensure it doesn't move while cutting. Consider clamping the speed square to the wood if you are nervous about it moving during your cut. Run a circular saw along the speed square. Slowly pass the saw along the wood, keeping it flush with the speed square while making the cut. The speed square will allow you to cut steadily and accurately because the it is thicker than a framing square or combination square. Take care when operating a saw, wearing goggles and avoiding distraction. It is a good idea to take a few practice cuts before cutting the wood you need. 
Decide whether you will start seeds indoors, outdoors, or buy transplants. Start the seeds indoors or purchase transplants if you want blooms the same year. If you choose to plant the seeds directly in the ground, expect the plants to bloom in their second year. Plan when you will plant. Plant transplants or direct sow seeds in early spring when there is no more risk of frost. To start daisies indoors, plant the seeds 6-8 weeks before the last frost. You can look up the last frost dates in your area online by searching for a frost chart for your country or region. Plant seeds in containers if you’re starting your daisies indoors. Pour a lightweight seed-starting mix into trays or pots. You can purchase a seed-starting mix or make your own with equal parts peat moss, vermiculite and perlite. Poke a small hole in the medium with a toothpick. Plant the seeds pointing down. Brush soil over the tops to cover the seeds. Keep the mixture moist and above 70° F (21° C) with at least 8 hours of bright light every day, using a grow light or window. Choose a spot if planting outside, and clear the area. Daisies love full sun, but partial sun will also work. Pick a planting area with moist, well-drained soil. Remove any existing growth from the ground so that your daisies won't be crowded. Daisies can survive in poor soil. But if you want them to thrive, the soil should be moderate: not too rich and not too poor. Prepare the soil. Work a moderate amount of organic compost and/or aged manure into the soil for better blooms. Level the soil with a hoe and tamp it down lightly. Plant your daisies outside if desired. For direct sow, cover the seeds lightly with ⅛ in (0.32 cm) of soil. When seedlings grow 2-3 in (5.1-7.6 cm) tall, thin them to one plant every 12 in (30.5 cm). To plant existing seedlings, space the plants 12 to 24 in (30.5 to 60.9 cm) apart on all sides. Water the seeds or seedlings right away. For seeds that have not yet germinated, water the area regularly to keep it moist. Seedlings will need to be watered again only when the soil looks dry. Fertilize two weeks after planting and once a month thereafter. Use all-purpose fertilizer like 10-10-10 in the amount listed on the label. For the best results, switch to a fertilizer high in phosphorous (such as 10-16-10) just before the plant blooms. To apply fertilizer : granular fertilizer can be sprinkled on the soil with or without a spreader. Water-soluble fertilizer should be applied using a sprayer or watering can. For either method, always measure your application based on the fertilizer's instruction label. Water daisies as needed. Daisies don't require a set watering schedule; in fact, they prefer the soil to dry out somewhat between waterings. Check the top 4-5 in (10.2-12.7 cm) of soil – if it's dry, water the daisies deeply from underneath so that their leaves don't get wet. The best time to do this is in the morning. Daisies don't need watering in the winter unless the weather is unseasonably dry. If that is the case, water them 1-2 in (2.5-5.1 cm) every other month. Mulch around the daisies and/or hand weed as needed. Weeds can attract parasites and starve daisies of nutrients. Make sure to wear gardening gloves and remove weeds by hand or with a short-handled weeding tool regularly. This is especially important when your daisies are still young. For less necessary maintenance of weeds, apply 2-3 in (5.1-7.6 cm) of mulch in mid-to-late spring when the ground warms and dries from winter. Keep a 2-3 in (5.1-7.6 cm) circumference around the plant base free from mulch. Deadhead and prune the daisies as needed. Throughout the growing season, prune away any dead leaves and snip the flower heads off whenever their appearance begins to fade. This encourages regrowth. Stop deadheading the daisies near the end of the growing season if you plan to collect the seeds. The end of the growing season will vary based on your location. Cut down your daisies at the end of the growing season. Trim down your daisies where the stem meets the foliage, approximately 3 in (7.6 cm) above soil level. Wait until the last killing frost. You can find the date range of freezes by looking up your gardening zone online. After trimming down, protect the perennials' root balls with a layer of mulch. You can use straw, hay or leaves. Divide your daisies when they lack space. Dig deeply into the ground about 6-8 in (15.2-20.3 cm) away from the plants' centers. Loosen the roots by rocking the shovel, and lift the plants gently out of the ground by the root balls. Carefully pull the clump apart and discard the woody centers. Replant wherever desired, each group of daisies 12 in (30.5 cm) away from other plants. Autumn is the preferable time to divide your daisies, however you can divide them in springtime if necessary. When dividing your daisies, place them gently in a temporary container to move them, and replant them right away. Maintain your existing perennials. Use a single application of fertilizer just before the new spring growth appears, or as soon as it pushes up through the ground. Side dress with compost or apply no more than 1 pound (0.45 kg) of nitrogen per 1,000 square feet (305 square meters). Put your daisies in an appropriate container. Make sure the container is at least 12 in (30.5 cm) with two or more drainage holes. Glazed ceramic or plastic pots prevent wilting and help the soil stay moist. The container should be sterilized. Soak it for 10 minutes in a solution of 1 part household bleach to 9 parts water. Afterwards, scrub it with dish detergent and water and let it fully dry before using it. Set up a light source. Daisies should have sunlight or a grow light all day in the spring, summer and fall seasons. Indirect sunlight for at least 3-5 hours is sufficient for the wintertime. House plants need light from all sides. If your light source only hits one side of the plant, make sure to rotate the plant a quarter turn about every week. Water the daisies and maintain a proper temperature. Check the top 1 in (2.54 cm) of soil – if it feels dry to the touch, water your daisies deeply. Allow the pot to drain completely. If the saucer or drip tray is still waterlogged, pour out the excess water so that the plant doesn't sit in soggy soil. Daisies growing indoors prefer a temperature between 40 and 70 degrees Fahrenheit (4 and 21 degrees Celsius). Water plants from underneath and avoid getting the leaves wet. Fertilize your plants. During the spring and summer, feed your daisies monthly with an all-purpose fertilizer. Don't fertilize during the fall or winter. Mix water with a soluble fertilizer such as 15-5-15 once a month when they are actively growing in the spring and summer. Deadhead the daisies and prune their leaves as needed. Use sharp, clean shears and trim close to the stem. Whenever the blooms begins to wilt, snip off the flowerheads. When the leaves look wilted or damaged, prune them to improve the plant's health. Move your daisies as they grow. If the plant gets crowded in its container, move it to a larger pot. Harvest the daisy seeds. The seed head should be completely ripe before you collect any seeds – it should look brown and possibly cracked. Cut daisy stems at the base of each plant. Place them in a paper bag tied closed with string. Dry the seeds. Hang the bag(s) upside-down in a dark, dry area. The seed heads should be pointing downwards. Choose a spot that isn't cold and has decent air circulation (but no strong drafts). Collect the seeds. Check the bag to make sure the seed heads are brittle. Squeeze flower heads so that the seeds fall into the bottom of the bag. Dump the bag's contents onto a plate. Separate the golden-brown seeds from any debris. Pour the seeds into a paper envelope and store them in a cool, dry place away from strong light. Check the pH level of the soil. If you've followed proper planting and maintaining methods and your daisies still aren't thriving, try testing the soil. Daisies prefer slightly acidic soil. Soil test kits should reflect a pH range of 6.0 to 7.0. Add limestone if your soil is too acidic. Add sulfur or peat moss if the soil is too alkaline. Treat daisies for pests as needed. Daisies can be affected by the following pests: aphids, mites, leafminers, nematodes, thrips and whiteflies. Most often, you will have to remove the affected leaves, isolate infested plants from healthy ones, apply a narrow-range oil or insecticidal soap, or use a water spray. Visit a garden center or shop online to find available products for addressing specific pest problems. Secure a cleaner, drier environment. You can do this if the daisies show signs of disease. Daisies stricken with fungal or bacterial diseases are likely too moist and/or crowded. Signs of disease problems include leaf spotting, yellowing or death, stunted shoots, and wilting. Remove any spent or damaged blooms and leaves, then clear plant debris from the area to keep the plant bases dry. Deal with mold. Mold may develop on the soil of indoor plants. If you see white mold on the soil's surface, scrape it off using gloves and move the plant to a well-ventilated area to let it dry out. If the mold returns, replant the daisies in a clean container with fresh, sterile indoor potting soil. 
Choose the variety of watermelon you want to grow. These fruits come in sizes ranging from 3 pounds to over 70 pounds (1.3kg to 32kg), and with either red, orange, or yellow flesh.  Jubilee, Charleston Grey, and Congo are large, cylindrical varieties, while Sugar Baby and Ice Box are two smaller, globe shaped types. Decide whether to plant watermelon seeds or transplants. Watermelon seeds need to germinate at a temperature over 70 degrees. If you live in a cool climate, it might make sense to start them indoors a few weeks before the last frost, so you'll be able get the seedlings underway at the beginning of the growing season. Otherwise, plan to plant the seeds directly in the ground well after the last frost, when the temperature is holding steady at above 70 degrees. Watermelon seeds and transplants are available at nurseries in early spring. Choose a planting location. Watermelon plants need a minimum of 6 hours of sun every day. They produce large vines that spread and take up a lot of space; plan on allotting a 4 by 6 foot plot for each plant, unless you're planting a mini-watermelon variety. Till the soil. Use a tiller to work the soil for the beds thoroughly, breaking up large clumps of packed earth. Remove any vegetative matter or deeply incorporate it into the soil. Watermelons like loamy, fertile, well-drained soil. To determine whether your soil gets good enough drainage, take a look at it after a heavy rain. If you see puddles in the dirt, the soil isn't draining well enough. To further enrich the soil, till compost into the top of layers. Watermelons grow best in soil with a pH of 6.0 to 6.8. Test the pH of your soil and determine whether the levels are appropriate for watermelon plants. If not, you can change the balance by adding compounds available for purchase at a plant nursery. Create mounds. Using a tractor or hoe, form mounds of earth (hills) to plant seeds in. Space these 2-6 feet (60cm-1.8m) apart, depending on the amount of space you have. Building the soil up at individual planting locations helps assure that the soil is loose enough for the roots to grow, allows oxygen to each them with ease, and lets excess moisture drain away from direct contact with the roots of your plants. It also helps to conserve available moisture in dry weather. Plant the seeds. Form a flat, slightly concave surface on the top of the hill, then poke three or four holes in the soil with a tool or your finger, about 1 inch (2.5cm) deep. Place one to four seeds in each hole, then rake the dirt flat over the top of the seeds, and lightly press the soil to pack it sufficiently to keep the moisture from quickly evaporating around the seed. Watch for sprouts to appear. The seeds should germinate and plants will emerge in about 7-10 days, depending on the soil temperature and the depth they are covered when planted. Keep the soil moist around the seeds during the germination period; water close enough so that the water reaches the small roots forming. When the seedlings grow, thin to the two strongest, to give the strong one room to grow. Don't let the soil dry out; you should water at least once daily. Mulch each hill with a suitable material after the plants have reached a height of about 4 inches (10cm). You can choose pine straw, lawn fabric, or compost. Try to apply the mulch as close to the plants as possible to help prevent weeds, to retain moisture, and to keep the soil from being overheated from direct sunlight around the shallow, new roots. Another option is to lay black landscaping fabric or plastic cloth down after you have made the hills, and then cut holes on top of each hill where you will plant seeds. You can also lay mulch on top of the cloth. This method helps to retain soil moisture and keep weed pressure down. Water less when the flowers bloom. After the flowers bloom, water approximately every 3 days if dry. However, don't over-water, as watermelons have a low water requirement. Keep the foliage and fruit dry. You can place fruit onto a clean piece of wood, large smooth pebble, brick, etc. On very hot days, the leaves will probably wilt even in moist soil. If this limpness can still be seen in the evening after a hot day, water deeply. Sweetness in watermelons can be increased by holding off watering for a week prior to harvesting. However, don't do this if it causes the vines to wilt. Once that crop is harvested, restore the usual watering to enable the second crop to come through well. Weed regularly. Be sure to weed around the base, along and ahead of the vines. Maintaining a thick layer of mulch around the plants can also help to keep weeds down. Make sure they're ready. Under perfect conditions, watermelons will mature to full sweetness in about four months of warm weather. Harvesting them before they're ready will result in less flavorful watermelons. To test the ripeness of a watermelon, thump it. A dull noise sounding back means that it has ripened. Also, check the underside––it is ready when it has turned from white to pale yellow. The curly tendril near the watermelon's stem should also be dried out when it's ready to harvest. Cut the watermelons from the vine. Use a sharp knife or garden shears to cut the watermelons cleanly from the vine near the fruit. Freshly harvested watermelons will keep for about 10 days. 
Grow spinach in USDA Hardiness Zones three through nine. Spinach is extremely cold-hardy and fares well in these mild to cold climate zones. This cold-weather crop prefers temperatures between 35 and 75℉ (1 and 23°C). Choose savoyed and semi-savoyed varieties to plant in the fall. Savoyed varieties are characterized by their dark green crinkly leaves. They are best for planting in the fall because they become especially crisp in cold weather. Choose smooth-leafed spinach for a faster growing time. Smooth-leafed spinach grows upright and produces leaves lighter in color than those produced by savoy spinach. It grows quickly and easily and is the perfect addition to any summer salad. Choose an area with full sun. Though spinach prefers a mild climate and will not do well in extremely hot temperatures, it does like full sun. Spinach will produce in partial shade, though the yield may not be as impressive, nor the plants as productive. Make sure that your soil drains well. Spinach likes a moderately moist habitat, but will not do well in soil that floods regularly or does not drain well. If you cannot find an adequate plot in your garden you can make a raised vegetable garden bed or plant your spinach in a container. If building a raised vegetable bed, use cedar wood planks if possible. Cedar resists rot when exposed to water. Because spinach is a small plant that does not grow extremely deep roots, you will not need a large growing space if you are only growing spinach. Test the pH of the soil. Spinach prefers a slightly acidic soil with a pH between 6.5 and 7.0. You can add limestone to the soil to adjust the pH level manually. Evaluate the soil's calcium and magnesium levels in order to determine what type of limestone to add to your soil. If the soil is low in magnesium, add dolomitic limestone. If it is high in magnesium, add calcitic limestone. Add the limestone two to three months before planting when possible to allow the soil to absorb it. After the limestone is incorporated, check the pH again. Fertilize the soil well. Spinach likes soil rich in organic matter such as manure, alfalfa meal, soybean meal, cottonseed meal, blood meal, or any other high-nitrogen fertilizer. Be sure to mix a few cubic feet of organic material into the soil to ensure adequate richness. Make sure to remove any rocks or hard clumps of soil before adding the organic fertilizer. You can use a bow rake to check for and remove any unwanted objects. Pull any weeds or voluntary plants that are growing in the planting area. These may compete with your spinach plants and crowd them and/or transfer disease to them. Decide when to plant your spinach. Spinach is a cold-hardy crop with wide range of possible planting dates: Spring harvest: Plant your spinach four to six weeks before the last spring frost. This early crop can "bolt" (grow leggy and bloom), so harvest before you reach 14 hours of sunlight a day for best results. Some cultivars are less likely to bolt than others. Fall harvest: Plant six to eight weeks before the first fall frost for a more reliable fall crop. Overwinter: Plant spinach in autumn for a small late autumn harvest, followed by a dormant winter period with an early harvest next year. See below for more instructions. Sow seeds ½" (1cm) deep and two inches (5cm) apart. Make sure the rows are spaced at least eight inches (20cm) apart if planting in rows. Doing so allows the seeds to mature without having to compete for space. Make sure to buy fresh seeds for planting each year, as they do not stay viable for long. If you are transplanting seedlings, space spinach plants about 12 to 18 inches (30.5 to 45.7 cm) apart. This allows the seedlings to grow and expand their roots without competing with each other for space. You can either purchase seedlings at your local nursery or garden supply store or start them indoors in peat pots. However, it is recommended that you grow spinach from seed if possible as seedlings are difficult to transplant and the roots can be damaged in the process. Cover the seeds with soil and pat lightly. The soil does not need to be compacted over the seeds; in fact it should be rather light and fluffy. Just be sure that the seeds are not exposed to the air and are entirely covered by soil. Spread mulch over the planting area. Cover the soil of the planting area with a few inches of hay, straw, leaf, or grass mulch to prevent weeds from sprouting. Pulling unwanted weeds may harm the fragile spinach roots, so mulch is a good alternative for weed control. Water the planting area thoroughly. Make sure to use a watering can or a light shower setting on your hose. A strong setting can disrupt the newly planted seeds or even wash them away. Adapt to hot weather. If you live in a particularly hot climate, consider using cold frames or heavy row covers to keep the soil cool during hot summer days. Also be sure to sow extra seeds and water twice daily if growing in hot weather. Thin your plants. As your spinach plants grow into seedlings, thin them lightly to prevent the plants from competing for space. You want the plants to be spaced far enough apart that the leaves of neighboring plants barely touch, if at all. Remove plants several times during growth to keep this balance, saving the tender young leaves for eating. Keep your planting area moist. You want the spinach to grow in soil that is continually moist but not overly drenched. Depending on the climate, you should water your spinach crop on average once or twice per week. Cover the soil with a shade cloth if temperatures climb above 80℉ (26°C). Again, spinach does not do well in hot weather. If temperatures begin to climb, you can cover the soil with a shade cloth to lower the temperature of the soil and keep the plants cool. Fertilize your plants only when necessary. If your spinach plants are growing slowly, you may want to add more nitrogen-based fertilizer. As mentioned above, spinach likes soil rich in organic matter such as well-rotted manure, alfalfa meal, soybean meal, cottonseed meal, and blood meal. Add the fertilizer according to label recommendations and water thoroughly. Harvest your spinach. As soon as the leaves grow big enough to eat (usually about three or four inches in length and two or three inches wide), you can harvest your spinach leaves. It generally takes about six to eight weeks from planting to harvest. In the springtime, make sure to harvest spinach leaves before they begin to bolt. Once the plants bolt, the leaves become bitter. Harvest the spinach by carefully removing the outer leaves. Either pinch at the base of the petiole with your fingers or use gardening shears to snip the base of the petiole. Alternately, you can harvest the spinach by pulling the entire plant out of the ground. Because spinach does not have very firm roots, it is easy to pull a plant out of the ground entirely. Removing the outer leaves is preferred to uprooting the entire plant as doing so allows the inner leaves to grow larger, ultimately producing more mature spinach than if the plant is entirely uprooted. Overwinter your spinach. Spinach is a cold-hardy crop that farmers often maintain over the winter for an early crop next year. During winter, protect your spinach plants in a "low tunnel" of row cover over a simple PVC frame, with ventilation to prevent overheating on sunny days. The spinach plants will be semi-dormant during the darker months, requiring infrequent watering and no fertilization. Once longer daylight hours trigger growth in late winter, provide water-soluble fertilizer and care for the growing spinach as you would at other times of year. Some varieties are more cold tolerant than others. Check the seed catalog or contact the seed supplier for more information. 
Join an improv class. If you're considering getting into improv, the best way to know for sure is to take a class. Joining an improv class will teach you more about the genre and give you all of the necessary tools you'll need to be a successful improv actor. There are different levels of improv classes, including a beginner's level, so don't be afraid to join a class. Even if you end up not pursuing improv, taking a class can be a great way to gain self confidence, improve your communication skills, meet new friends, and spark your other areas of creativity. Improv classes can be found in almost every city, so look online to find a class near you. If you decide that you're serious about pursuing improv, you should consider moving to a city that is known for it's comedy scene. Some of these cities are Chicago, Los Angeles, and New York City. Take a free class with a friend. Some theaters offer free classes to help promote their new classes or their upcoming season. Go to classes as often as you can and practice regularly. Learn the "Yes, And" rule. This is also called the 'Don't Deny' rule. This rule means that you should always say yes. If the person you're working with has an idea, build upon what they have created. Do not deny the scenario they have set up, just go with it. Even after you've gotten good at improv, this basic rule should still be followed. If your scene partner starts the scene by stating that you two are pirates, then you must embrace that you two are pirates. If you deny that you're a pirate, you will discredit your scene partner and cause tension in your scene. Follow the positivity rule. It's a good idea to always start scenes on a positive note. When a scene begins positively, there are many more directions for the scene to go. However, if a scene begins on a negative note, it doesn't have much room to grow. Scenes that start negatively usually result in the characters fighting or dying. For example, if you start a scene by saying "Nobody likes you at school, they think you're so weird," there isn't much that can be done with that scene besides an argument. However, if you say "Everyone at school thinks you're so weird, but in a cool way," the scene has room for growth. You can talk about how your character is different, what makes it cool, etc. Make positive statements to allow your scene partners to embrace their characters. Focus on teamwork. Collaboration is the key to successful improv; you cannot create a successful improv scene on your own. Everyone that is a part of a scene must work together and support one another, otherwise the scene will not work. Embrace each other's ideas, give everyone a chance to shine, and give each other opportunities to enhance the scene. Focus on the overall scene as opposed to your role in the scene. If everyone wants what's best for the scene, they'll be more willing to share the spotlight and let each character have their shine. Work with an improv partner. In improv, it's important that you learn how to work well with others, as you'll be creating scenes and scenarios off of one another. When you're working with a partner, both of you should get the same amount of shine. Don't try to upstage your partner, but don't let them outshine you either. Practice working with others so that you can understand a good balance of give and take when doing improv with a partner. Go to local improv shows to study other performers. You can learn a great deal from watching both bad and good improv. When you go to improv shows, pay attention to what works well on stage and what doesn't. Pay attention to how the audience responds to certain things. Get ideas about characters and personalities that you can develop for your improv. Going to local comedy shows will also help people become familiar with you. Immersing yourself in the scene is a great way to meet other improv actors and comedians. Most big cities have at least one improv comedy club, but if you're looking for an amazing local comedy scene, you may want to consider relocating to Chicago, LA, or NYC. Some well known improv comedy clubs include Second City, Acme Comedy Theater, ComedySportz, Brave New Workshop, The Bad Dog Theater Company, and Groundlings, just to name a few. Learn from watching improv and sketch comedy on TV. Watching these shows will allow you to study some of the best improv comedians and learn what makes a good improv performer. Study the good and the bad, and apply what you've learned when you practice. Some good improv and sketch comedy shows to watch are Saturday Night Live (SNL), Whose Line is It Anyway, Wild 'N Out, In Living Color, Mad TV, and Chappelle's Show. Keep in mind that most of these performers started on a local level as well. They got better over time, and so will you if you apply yourself. Watch your friends practice improv. Hang out with the friends that you've met in improv class and watch each other practice. Although it's important for you and your improv friends to work together, it's just as important to watch each other from an outsiders point of view. If you and your friends take turns observing each other, you'll be able to provide feedback from the audience perspective. Perform in improv shows. The best way to get experience with improv is to perform. Practicing is important, but performing in front of an audience brings another element into the mix. Many improv shows feed off of the audience, so it's important to experience doing improv in front of an audience. Take advanced improv classes. As your improv skills progress, you should switch to a more advanced class. This will allow you to work with better improv actors and new instructors, and will also push you to improve your improv chops. Advanced improv classes often come with other perks, such as workshops with successful actors, discounted or free tickets to professional improv shows, and assistance with head shots and resumes. Head shots are professional photos that actors submit to casting directors when auditioning for roles. Resumes list all of an actors experience and are turned in with their head shots at auditions. When you are ready to start auditioning for different roles, be sure to get your own head shot and resume. Build good relationships with your improv teachers and fellow students. Many improv teachers are known and respected in their local comedy scenes, so it's a good idea to develop your relationship with them. If your teachers see that you're taking improv seriously, they may be willing to introduce you around or set up some auditions for you. Volunteer often in class to show that you enjoy participating. Attend your teacher's comedy shows outside of class. Ask your teachers what additional things you can do to practice, perform, and immerse yourself in the improv scene. Perform improv skits in front of your friends or family. If you don't have a real audience to perform in front of, gather some friends and family to be your audience. This will be a good way for you to practice in front of an audience and get comfortable doing improv in front of others. This can be as simple as playing playing a game of charades with a group of loved ones. It will be a fun time and will allow you to exercise your improv and teamwork skills. Apply your improv skills in your every-day life. We all have families, we all have friends, we all have our own lives. Apply improv in your daily routine. Almost all up-and-coming comedians have to keep day jobs to pay rent, so don't be embarrassed that you have one as well. Many jobs will allow you to practice improv throughout the day, so take advantage of those opportunities. Teaching people is a great way to improvise. Whether you're teaching students, your children, or your friends, try to teach them something new. Each person learns differently, so you'll have to adapt to them as you teach them. Believe it or not, you can practice your improv skills while working with customers or coworkers. Learning how to interact with your customers and pitch a product is all part of acting and improvising, as is working with difficult coworkers. 
Understand fuses. Fuses are really just wires that are designed not to last, but their purpose is to prevent damage to more valuable electrical equipment or prevent fires (especially in homes) caused by power surges. If too much power runs through the fuse, it will "burn out," quite literally, and open the circuit, preventing the current from flowing through the circuit. There are several varieties of fuses, but their differences are primarily in appearance. Here is a description of the two you are most likely to see: The cartridge fuse is a cylindrical fuse that has been common in a wide variety of devices for many years, from homes to small electronic devices. They have metal contact or terminal points on either end and consist primarily of a tube that contains the wire. The blade fuse is a common type of automotive fuse that has come into use in the last 20-30 years. They vaguely resemble the plug of a power cord, with two metal prongs emanating from a plastic housing that contains the wire. Previously, most vehicles also contained small glass cartridge fuses. Blade fuses plug conveniently into banks, and relatively little space is required to house a large number of them together. Learn how a multimeter works. Multimeters measure AC and DC voltage, electrical resistance, and the flow of current. For testing a fuse, you can either use it to measure the continuity (which tests if the circuit is complete) or the ohms (which tests resistance).  A multimeter has a positive and negative lead. When testing resistance in a circuit, the meter will transmit a small quantity of electricity from its own battery and then measure the amount that passes through the circuit or object. Understand why you must test fuses. Testing fuses is the simplest way to examine what is going on in the electrical systems of your car or home, and for that reason, it is a vital skill to possess. It is easier to test fuses than it is to test other electrical equipment. Other components in your car or home involve complex wiring systems that run on for some length. In addition, most car parts can only be tested at repair shops, and to do so will usually cost quite a lot of money. Testing fuses with a multimeter is comparatively simple to do, and the equipment involved is cheap and easy to operate. Many types of fuses allow for visual confirmation that the fuse is still functional. They are made clear so that you can see if the wire remains intact. If the translucent area is blackened, it is usually because the fuse has burned out. However, some fuses will create that blackened stain after only slightly overheating, and that may have even been the result of an unnoticed incident weeks or months earlier. If a device is not working, you should test the fuses. If the fuses are all still working, there is likely a more serious problem and it may be time to call on an expert. Turn the equipment off and remove the fuse. Make sure the device, equipment, or vehicle is turned off before the fuse is removed. To remove the fuse, simply pull it straight out of the slot. Turn the meter on and set it to measure continuity. Turn the dial on the multimeter so it points to the continuity setting, which looks like 5 curved vertical lines. Before you test the fuse, put the positive and negative leads together and listen for the meter to beep to ensure it's working properly. If you want to measure the ohms, use the multimeter setting that has the omega symbol (Ω). Put one lead on each end of the fuse and look at the display. Because the fuse is little more than a single wire—and no complex parts to worry about—it does not matter which side receives the positive or negative lead. Test the fuse. Listen for the multimeter to beep continuously as you hold the probes against the fuse. If you don't hear any noise coming from the meter, then the fuse is blown and should be replaced. If you're using a digital multimeter set to measure resistance, touch the probes together to get an initial reading. Then put the probes on either side of the fuse and check if the reading is similar. If it is, then the fuse works properly. If you get no reading or “OL”, then the fuse has blown. If the multimeter reads "Open" or "Not complete," it means the fuse is broken. 
Choose a cylindrical or rectangular can or box. Pick a container that is about the size of a normal camera and is clean. For instance, you could use an old paint can, an oatmeal container, a shoebox, or a coffee can. Be sure that your container has a tight-fitting top. Paint your container black inside and out. You can also cover your container completely with aluminum, but be sure to avoid any tearing. Covering your camera prevents any light reflection from occurring on the inside of the can. Make sure you paint the entire lid of your container. Allow the paint to dry completely before moving on to the next step. If any paint chips off before your use your camera, make sure to repaint it before taking any photos. Determine the size of your pinhole. The distance between the film and the pinhole will affect the outcome of your photos. The film will be on the opposite side of the container from the pinhole, so most likely on the lid if you are using a can. The size of the pinhole is important because it determines how sharp or blurry your final photo will be. For a container with a 3 to 6-inch distance between each end, use a No. 10 sewing needle pushed about halfway up the needle shaft to make your pinhole. Try to make the pinhole as clean of a circle as possible. Twisting the needle as you poke it through helps to make a cleaner hole. Make the pinhole in the bottom end of the container. You can either poke a hole directly through the bottom of your container using a pin, or you can cut a larger hole about 1/2-inch by 1/2-inch out of the bottom of your container and poke a pin through a separate piece of paper or thin metal. The second method is usually preferred as it allows you to make a more perfect circle and start over if you mess up the first time. If you choose the second method, take heavy black paper or thin metal and poke the pin through the center of the 1/2-inch square. Then secure the piece over the larger hole using strong tape such as electrical tape. Sturdy aluminum foil, malleable metal from a food product container, or cardstock all work well for the second method. Check that your pinhole is circular by looking through the back of the camera where the film will be and peering through the hole. Make sure that you can see whatever is on the other side of the pinhole clearly. A page of printed words works well for determining clarity. Cut a shutter out of dark paper. Opaque cardstock that does not allow any light through works best for this step. Make sure that the paper is thick enough not to fold as it is used. Cut a square about two inches by two inches out of the dark cardstock. Make sure that the square is large enough to entirely cover the hole you cut in the bottom of your container. Tape the square to the body of the camera along one edge above the pinhole. This piece of tape will act as a hinge that allows you to open and close the shutter when you want to filter light. Use any type of sturdy tape such as electrical or duct tape. Put a piece of tape on the bottom of the shutter flap. Use a less-sticky tape for this side, (electrical tape works great, duct is too strong) and tape down the opposite end of the shutter underneath the pinhole when you are not taking a photo to prevent light from entering the inside of the camera. Create a viewfinder out of cardboard. The viewfinder allows you to replicate the geometric relationship of the pinhole to the film and helps you visualize what your final photo will look like. The front viewfinder should imitate the shape of the film and be constructed directly above the pinhole. Secure it with strong tape or hot glue. The rear viewfinder should sit on top of the camera and act as a peephole that allows you to visualize your photo. You can make a peephole out of a metal washer or cut a perfect circle out of cardboard and attach it to the rear viewfinder. Again, secure it with strong tape or hot glue. For taking photos of subjects closer than five feet away, position your subject low in the viewfinder to account for the difference between your perception and the angle of the pinhole. Choose photographic paper or film. If you choose to use photographic paper, you can load it into your camera under specific lighting conditions. For photographic paper, you have to load it either under a safelight, or a flashlight filtered through at least three layers of red cellophane attached to the lighted end. The flashlight must be six to eight feet away, so hanging it from a ceiling and working underneath it is a good way to accomplish this distance. Unlike photographic paper, film must be loaded under completely dark conditions. Practice loading your camera with a simple piece of paper in lighted conditions, and then with your eyes closed to get the feel of loading the film before you attempt to do so in complete darkness. Determine the size of your light-sensitive material. You will have to cut the film down into smaller frames. The size of the frame will depend on the overall size of your camera's body. For most moderately-sized cans, you can use a strip of film cut into 2 3/8 to 3 1/2-inch pieces. For a camera made from a one-gallon paint can, cut a 4 by 5-inch piece of film. A camera made from a 2-pound coffee can will take a 2 1/4 by 3 1/4-inch piece of film. These measurements apply to the use of photographic paper as well. Use sheet film if possible, which is easier to manipulate as it is completely flat. Make sure to cut down your paper or film in complete darkness. A closet should work fine as long as no cracks allow light to seep through. If you are unsure about the ratio between the size of your film and the size of the camera body, err on the side of cutting too large of a strip of light-sensitive material. You can always trim down the edges of your photo after you develop it. Load your camera. Place the photographic paper or film on the inside of the camera, opposite the pinhole. In total darkness, secure the film or paper from the back using a piece of tape rolled into a loop. You may need to place tape in each corner of the film in order to prevent it from rolling up. Do not place any tape on the front side of the film or paper, as this may cause damage and obstruct the image formation. Make sure that the emulsion side of the paper is facing the pinhole. You can tell which side is the emulsion side of photographic paper from its shiny appearance. The emulsion side of film is the side rolled up on the inside of the spiral as you unfurl it. If you are having trouble determining the emulsion side, wet your finger and touch either side of your paper or film in the corners. The side which feels sticky to the touch is the emulsion side. Close up your camera. Make your camera completely light-proof by ensuring that any cracks or openings are completely covered by black paint, aluminum foil, or black tape. Any unwanted light that gets through could ruin your picture. Place the camera on a flat surface. You can either simply set it on a table, counter, any other completely flat surface, or attach it to a tripod using rubber bands or tape. Because of the sensitivity of the shutter, you need the camera to be extremely still as you take photos. Determine the exposure time. For film, you only need to expose the camera to light for a few seconds, but photographic film can take up to a few minutes. If using film, the duration of exposure depends on the ISO of the film. The higher the ISO, the shorter the exposure time. For 400 ISO film, you will expose it to light for between 2 and 12 seconds depending on the brightness of the external light. For 100 ISO film, the exposure time can range between 8 and 48 seconds, and for 50 ISO film, the exposure time may range between 16 seconds and 1 minute and 36 seconds. If using photographic paper, the exposure time will most likely range from one minute to several minutes, though there are photo paper products made specifically for longer exposures, even up to several months! You will have to practice to determine the exposure time that works for you, but remember the general rule of thumb for exposure time: the brighter the external light, the shorter the exposure time. Point the camera at your subject. Remember to account for the distance between the pinhole and the viewfinder by aiming a bit lower than you might perceive. Open the shutter flap. Pull the bottom tape up to allow light to stream through the pinhole. Do so very carefully so as not to shake the rest of the camera. If your exposure time is several minutes or hours, you can carefully tape the shutter open so that you don't have to hold it open manually. You can also place some sort of weight such as a rock or a shoe on top of the camera if it is windy where you are photographing. Close the shutter. Once you've held the shutter open for the desired exposure time, retape the flap down to prevent any more light from entering through the pinhole. During the time that the shutter was open, an image was created on the film or photographic paper. All that's left to do is develop your photo. Choose whether to develop your photos yourself or take them to a developer. Developing your own photos takes a considerable amount of resources, including several chemicals and solutions, a darkroom, and (if using film) an enlarger. Film and photo paper from a pinhole camera can be taken in to a photography store and developed just like any other type of film. If you choose to develop your film yourself, however, read on to find out what you'll need. Learn how to develop black and white film. The basics of film developing include three solutions: developer, stop bath, and fixer. Gather your developing materials. In addition to a darkroom , you will need developer solution, fixer solution, water, tongs, towels, a sheet of glass, and a safe light in you dark room. Your darkroom must be completely black other than having the safe light on. You can also use orange LED halloween bulbs as safe lights. You will also need three plastic dish washing tubs. Fill one with about two inches of developer, the second with about two inches of water (called a stop bath) to stop the developing process, and the third with fixer solution. Take the film or photo paper out of the camera. Only do so once you are in a darkroom lit only by a safelight. White light will destroy your photo. Use a photo enlarger to transfer the negative to photo paper. If you used photo paper in your camera instead of film, skip this step. Otherwise, place your negative on the negative slide, turn the enlarger on, and choose the appropriate f/stop for your photo. You may want to create a contact sheet to test out different f/stops before settling on an f/stop. Do so by covering the paper with a piece of black cardstock and gradually uncovering it while changing the f/stop in order to create strips of different brightness. Place your photo paper into the developer. Once you have transferred the negative image to photo paper, place it in the developer using a pair of tongs. Watch as the image appears on the paper and take the image out of the solution using tongs as soon as it is as dark as you want it to be.[ [Image:Make a Pinhole Camera Step 22.jpg|center]] Gently rock the tray back and forth to spread the solution over the photo paper. Keep in mind that the image will appear a bit darker in white light once you are outside of the darkroom. Transfer the photo paper to the stop bath for about ten seconds. The stop bath should consist of room temperature water. Using tongs, place the photo paper in the fixer for two minutes.  Remove the photo and rinse over running water for two minutes. Allow the photo to hang dry completely or dry with a hair dryer. 
Break off contact completely. It's hard to get over someone or forget them if you're still talking to them or even if you're still just friends on social media. Unfriend the person on all your social media accounts. Let the person know you need a long break from them, even if you want to be friends in the future. You could say, "Even though I would like to be on friendly terms in the future, I'm having a hard time right now. I need to step away from our friendship." If you must see the person, try to be friendly without moving into friendship. For instance, say hello if you pass them in the hall or make polite chitchat about logistics if you're sharing kids. However, leave it at that and don't try to go deeper. Give up the possibility that you could get the person back. Don't dwell on the thought that you might get back together. That only makes you hope and fantasize about the person. Instead, focus on letting go of the relationship, reminding yourself that it's over when you need to. Tell yourself, "We broke up for a reason, and I deserve to move on with someone new." Write a letter to the person that you don't send. Get all your feelings out on paper. Tell your ex how they hurt you. Write down the good memories and the bad, and just use the time to get out some of your emotions. The letter is for you; there's no need to send it. Delete the person's emails, texts, and voicemails. When you have text or messages from your ex, you're likely to go back and read them, dwelling in the past. Go through all of your accounts, and delete all messages, so you won't be tempted. If you're afraid you might want the memories later, try saving them on an external hard drive and give it to a friend. Then you can't take it out at will to remember. Take down or delete all the photos you have of the person. Remove the photos from the walls and your picture albums. Delete any photos you have on your phone or computer, as well as any on your social media accounts. You don't need those reminders around. Once again, if you can't quite let go, put them on an external hard drive along with any hard copies you have and ask a friend to hold them for a while. Have a ceremonial burning of any reminders you have around. Sometimes, you just need to cleanse your mind of the other person. One way to do that is to gather up items you have around that remind you of them. Put them in a metal trash can, and set them on fire. You can do this with old letters, photos, or clothing, for instance. Just be sure to do this outside in a non-windy area. Have a bucket of water or fire extinguisher nearby just in case. Remind yourself why it didn't work out. If you're having a hard time getting over someone, it's likely because you're remembering all the good times without the bad. Take time to remember why you broke up, so you can break through the fantasy. Try writing about it. Journal about the painful memories you have with the intention of letting go of that hurt, too, so you can move on. You're relationship ended because something happened or it wasn't going well, and if you put that relationship on a pedestal of perfection, it's hard to get over it. Forgive the person to let go of your anger. One way to work on forgiving them is to remember the good parts of the person, too. Think about what made you like them in the first place, so you can think of them as a whole person who makes mistakes. It's only when you think of them as a fallible human being with both good and bad qualities that you can forgive them their mistakes. Another way to work on forgiveness is to think about how you feel about what the person did to you. Think about how those emotions are affecting your life. For instance, if you feel angry and bitter, how is that coloring how you see the world? Of course, some "mistakes" are bigger than others. With serious issues like emotional and physical abuse, it's much harder to forgive the other person. Keep in mind, though, that forgiveness is mainly for your benefit; it doesn't absolve the other person for what they've done. Forgiveness is about letting go of the bitterness you have against the other person. It's hard to let go of your negative feelings towards the person if you're not willing to forgive them. You don't forget your pain, just that you stop harboring anger in your heart towards the person. Reframe the breakup as "no-fault" instead of casting blame. You may blame yourself for the breakup, or you may feel the need to blame the other person. But, in the end, the fact is you just weren't compatible with the other person, and no one deserves the blame for that. If you had a fairly amiable relationship, try to remember that you were both trying your best to make the relationship work, and work on letting go of the blaming cycle. Work on changing your response to the past rather than wishing it away. Sometimes, you may wish you could go back in time and change how things happened. It's a fairly natural response, but in the end, fruitless. All you can change is how you respond to the past. Accept that fact instead of constantly wishing you could take back something you said or did. Try thinking about a particular moment that bugs you. You might be thinking, "I wish I could take back what I said." Instead, rephrase the statement: "I regret that I said that, but I've learned from my mistake. I'll do better in the future." See a therapist if you're struggling. You may feel like seeing a therapist carries a social stigma. However, keep in mind that millions of people just like you go to therapists, counselors, advisers, and other professionals for advice and guidance during difficult times, and you can, too. There's no reason to be afraid to get help. Some of the people you may consider talking to are professional therapists, psychiatrists, school and occupational counselors, and, if desired, authoritative voices in your community like priests or rabbis. Just find a voice you trust who has some professional expertise. Ask your friends or family for recommendations if you're not sure who to talk to. Teach yourself to be independent again. During this time, remember that you are a whole person on your own. You don't need someone else to make you complete, so take this time to discover yourself again without the other person. Make a list of all the things you can do now that you're not in a relationship. For instance, maybe you can spend more time with your friends and family, go on solo trips, move out of town, or stay up as late as you want. This list can you remind you of how fun it can be to be independent. Remind yourself of your strength. When you break up with someone, you may be feeling vulnerable and like you don't have the power to get over the pain. But you are strong enough, you just need to give yourself some reminders. Take time to write down a few of your strengths and past triumphs to show yourself that you can and will get through this time. For instance, you might write, "I have great tenacity. It only took me a year from when I started running to complete a marathon! And if I have tenacity, I can get through this, too." Make some new friends that aren't in the same circle. If you've been in a relationship for a while, you may have a lot of mutual friends with your ex. Work on making new friends who won't constantly bring up the person's name or want to do things with both of you, which will make it easier to move on. You don't need to completely give up on your old friends, but having a new circle gives you a safe space to socialize. You can also rely on friends you don't have in common. Try rekindling an old friendship you may have let go by the wayside a bit. To make new friends, try going to community meetups, taking fun classes at your library or with your parks and recreation department, or even striking up a conversation with someone at a local coffee shop. Date again, when you're ready. Give yourself some time to grieve, but when you start feeling a little better, try dating someone new. You don't have to commit to a relationship. Just go on a few dates with a person you like, or even just a few first dates with a couple of different people. Let yourself go as slow as you need when you start dating again. There's no rush. In fact, it might be a good idea to bring that up with anyone you're dating. You might say, "Hey, I should let you know that I just got out of a difficult relationship, so I'm just looking for something casual right now." Let your emotions out physically in laughter and tears. Sometimes, the pain is just going to hit you again, and you may feel like you need to cry. That's fine! Take some time to cry. But, don't forget to laugh, too. Watch some silly videos on the internet, check out some cute memes, or put in your favorite comedy. Laughter is good for the soul, and it can make you feel as good or better than a good cry. Go out with friends and have a good laugh together! Eat healthy food every day. When you're grieving, you may not want to eat at all, or you may want to just eat junk food. However, that can just make you feel worse, when you crash from a sugar high, for instance. Make sure you're getting in some fruits, vegetables, and lean proteins at the very least. Of course, you can still have that piece of chocolate cake or a bag of chips, especially in the first day or so. Just try not to only eat chips and cake. Opt for some healthy foods, too. Get some exercise, especially if it's outside. Take a hike in the woods or go for a walk with a friend. Kayak across a nearby lake or go for a swim in your favorite pool. Play a game of tennis, run in a park, or just hit the gym. Yoga is also a great option. Whatever you do will help get you out of your head and make you feel better. Aim for at least 30 minutes of exercise most days of the week. Exercise is great for the brain because it releases feel-good chemicals in your body. If you're outside, you'll also get the benefit of vitamin D! Plus, it's great for your body and gets you out of the house. Leave plenty of time for sleep. Sleep is your body's way of healing, and that's true for emotional pain, too. If you're having trouble sleeping, make sure to leave extra time to get to sleep, and work on getting at least 8 hours each night. Try getting into a nighttime routine. Shut off your electronics at least an hour before you want to go to bed, so your brain starts winding down. Have some warm milk or herbal tea, or take a warm bath to soothe your mind. You may have the opposite problem, too, where you want to sleep all the time. While getting some extra sleep isn't a bad idea (9-10 hours a night), try not to overdo it. Force yourself to get up and get out in the world. Fall back on your friends and family for support. The people who love you--your family members, personal mentors, and close friends--want to see you happy. Don't be afraid to ask these people for a little extra love. Talk to an old friend, a parent, or a sibling to help you work through your stress and emotions. Your ex was not the only person that loved you; use this time to remember that and spend time with those that matter. Even if you find that the advice you receive from your close confidants isn't perfect, the sense of comradeship can still make you feel better. Get back into a regular schedule. A regular schedule helps you stay in a routine, which helps you feel more normal. Try to get up and go to bed at the same time each day, eat your meals at the same time, and so on. However, it's okay to go easy on yourself. You are going through a hard time, and it's okay to take breaks when you need them. Just try to keep up as much as you can. Pamper yourself a little. Take a hot bubble bath or get a massage. Now is the perfect time for a little pampering. Go to a movie you've wanted to see, take a little shopping spree, or even get out of town for a few days. Just do something that makes you feel good. You can even do something as simple as getting cup of coffee from your favorite coffee shop and curling up with a good book. Try a new hobby to break out of your old habits. Work on learning a new language or take a fun cooking class. Pick up books at your library to learn a hobby you've always wanted to try or just watch some videos online. You could even take a class at a local community college in a subject that interests you. Striking out on your own with a new pastime gives you a sense of independence and freedom, plus it can be invigorating, sparking creativity. 
Spread the sunflowers seeds out in a microwave-safe dish. A microwave-safe pie plate works well, but any microwave-safe dish that is large enough to allow you to spread the seeds out on a single layer will work. Make sure the seeds are spread out evenly to prevent any from burning. Add the oil to the seeds. Drizzle the oil or melted butter over the seeds. Stir the seeds with a fork, making sure that all the seeds are coated in the oil. The oil adds flavor to the seeds and helps the seeds brown. Microwave, uncovered, for 1 minute. If you feel the need to cover the seeds to prevent oil splatters, only cover the seeds loosely with a paper towel. Stir and continue cooking. After the first minute passes, stir the seeds with a fork. Gently shake the dish to spread out the seeds and return them to a single even layer. Continue cooking the seeds for another minute. Continue cooking the seeds in 1 minute intervals. After each minute, stir and check the seeds once more. The sunflower seeds are done once they appear lightly browned. This could take anywhere from 2 to 4 minutes total. Heat the coconut oil. Pour the oil into an 8-inch (20-cm) skillet and heat the skillet on the stovetop over medium heat. Continue heating until the oil has melted and coated the bottom of the pan smoothly. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the sunflower seeds and salt. Add the seeds to the hot coconut oil, but only do so after removing the skillet from the heat. Sprinkle the seeds with salt, to taste, and stir the seeds with a fork to coat them evenly in the salt and oil. Return the skillet to the stovetop. Keep the heat set to medium and stir the sunflower seeds constantly to prevent them from burning. Turn the heat down to low once the seeds start browning. As soon as the seeds begin to show any color, reduce the heat to low. Continue stirring them constantly until the majority of the seeds are a light to medium brown, or until they are toasted according to your preference. Pour the sunflower seeds directly into a dry frying pan. The flavor provided by oil or butter is not necessary for this method of preparation since you will get plenty of flavor from the soy sauce. Oil and other fats also help the seeds to brown or toast evenly, but even toasting can still be achieved without the use of fat as long as you are vigilant enough. Heat the seeds on the stovetop over medium-high to high heat. Move the seeds around constantly with a fork. In addition to stirring the seeds, you should also give the skillet a gentle shake once or twice to help keep the seeds moving. Remove from heat as soon as the seeds begin browning. The seeds will begin to look light golden brown and may even begin to steam or smell burnt. Stir the seeds in the hot skillet. While the pan is removed from the stovetop, stir the seeds to continue the browning process. If the seeds have stopped browning but you still need to toast a few more, briefly return the pan to the heat, keeping it there just long enough to apply a little extra heat. The entire toasting process should only take a couple of minutes. Add the soy sauce. Once the seeds are toasted to a light or medium brown, add the soy sauce to the skillet. Return the skillet to the heat and stir the seeds to coat them in the soy sauce. Keep the skillet on the heat, stirring the seeds continually, until the sauce has completely coated the seeds and the remaining liquid has evaporated. Let the seeds cool. Remove the coated seeds from the heat and immediately transfer them over to a plate to cool. Enjoy at room temperature. The seeds are too hot and too sticky to eat straight from the stovetop, but after cooling, they should separate without much difficulty. 
Buy supplies. Go to a hobby shop and buy a doll head, body, arms, and legs. Be sure everything is roughly matched size-wise. Some hobby shops may sell kits that take care of such considerations for you. You'll also need paint and thinner, a small paintbrush, and some doll clothes. Doll heads range from pre-painted vinyl heads with synthetic hair to simple base elements that can be combined as you see fit. Be aware that if you buy a doll head, eyes, and a wig all separately, you'll need to do a bit more work to put the doll together. Wigs can be made from any type of fabric you like. Specialty yarns like alpaca, mohair, and bouclé make great-looking hair, but Raggedy Ann-style colored yarn is fine, too. Assemble the doll. Softer plastic doll parts can usually be pressed into pre-fitted holes on the body to make a doll with moving joints. Alternatively, use an appropriate type of glue (plastic cement or wood glue) to fix the doll's limbs in position, or to make a doll from simpler or harder parts. If you use glue, wipe away excess glue from around the joint when you're finished. Paint a face on the doll. If your doll's head doesn't come pre-painted, it's time to paint makeup (and eyes, if needed) onto it. Acrylic paint should work for most materials. Use a small brush when painting, and start with the base colors first (for instance, white, then color, then a black pupil for the eyes). Let each layer dry before starting the next, and let the doll dry for a few more hours once you're finished. Consider adding blush to your doll's cheeks by using pink paint thinned with some paint thinner. If your doll's face is featureless, you may want to paint a nose onto it, in addition to the eyes and mouth. Use a U or sideways U shape to make one easily. Add the wig. If your doll requires a wig, now is the time to add it. You can make a simple and permanent wig by gluing pieces of yarn densely to the top of the doll's head with a strong adhesive, or you can make a switchable one by embroidering yarn into a piece of cloth cut to sit on the doll's head. Pre-made doll wigs are also available to purchase. Dress the doll. Using whatever doll clothes you purchased, dress the doll however you like. If you weren't able to find any good doll clothes, set the doll aside for now and make it a project to find some. Once your doll is assembled, painted, and sitting in an outfit, it's done! Gather supplies. To make this rustic American-style doll, you'll need corn husks with the silk still on them. Around a dozen corn husks (one or two ears of corn at most) should be enough to make one doll. You'll also need a large bowl of water, scissors to cut the husks, and pins and twine to bind them into shape. Dry the husks. Corn husk dolls are made with dried husks. Use a food drier, or set the husks out in the sun for a few days until they become dry and are no longer green. Sun drying the husks is the preferred method because it's more traditional (and corn husk dolls are steeped in both American Indian and colonial tradition), but as long as they're well-dried, the result will be more or less the same. Remove the silk. Before the next step, pull the dried silk off of the husks and set it aside. You'll be using it soon, but it needs to stay dry while you soak the husks to keep it from getting soggy. Lay all the silk in generally the same direction rather than heaping or tangling it. Wet the husks. When you're ready to make your doll, soak the dried husks in a bowl of water for about 10 minutes. Though it sounds counterintuitive, this won't actually rehydrate the husks you so carefully dried; rather, it will make them temporarily more flexible, so that you can bend them into shape without breaking them. Once the husks have soaked, blot them dry with paper towels and set them aside. If the husks are significantly different in size from one another, now is a good time to tear or clip the largest ones so that they're all roughly the same size. This will help prevent a lopsided doll. Prepare the head. Take a corn husk and lay it in front of you with the pointed end out, then lay a bunch of corn silk along its length. Next, lay two husks on top of the first husk and silk, also with their points away from you, and add more silk. Repeat everything one more time (for a total of six husks and hour sections of silk), and then tie the whole stack together about 1 ½ inches from the flat ends of the husks. Use scissors to round the flat ends of the husks. Make the head. Pick up the husk and silk bundle and hold it firmly by the twined end, so that the pointed ends of the husks are pointing up. Peel back each husk in turn, pulling it in a different direction from the others so that each husk comes down on a different side. Once all the husks have been peeled, you'll have a shock of silk “hair” coming up from the center of a rounded shape. Tie twine snugly around the husks again to create a “head” roughly an inch high. Make arms. There are two basic styles you can choose: braided or tube. To make tube arms, cut a 6 inch (15.2 cm) piece of husk and roll it lengthwise into a tube, then tie it off with twine near both ends. To make braided arms, cut 6 inches (15.2 cm) of husk into 3 strips (lengthwise) instead, and braid them together before tying them off. Make just one tube or braid, and then insert it through the husks below the head so that an equal length of arm sticks out either side. Tie off the waist. Using twine, wrap around the husks below the arms and cinch them in to create a waist. Double check to ensure that the arms are positioned at an appropriate height before you finish tying, so you can readjust them if necessary; the arms should typically be around 1 to 1 ½ inches from the waist. Once you're satisfied, Wrap a slender piece of husk over the twine on the doll's waist to create a belt or sash and hide the twine. Tie it in the back with a bow. Gather supplies. The most important component for making a fabric doll is the pattern. There are many fabric doll patterns available for free online, as well as purchasable patterns at fabric and craft stores. Look at the image of the finished doll and choose one you like. Along with the pattern, purchase whatever cloth and/or fill, such as cotton batting, you might need. A typical fabric doll will require a rectangular piece of natural-colored cloth (plus more for clothes), batting, colored thread, a sewing needle, and pins to hold pieces in place while you work. Read the pattern directions for specifics. Cut the fabric. Following the pattern you bought, cut out each piece of fabric with a pair of fabric scissors and set it aside, taking care not to fold or crumple any piece. Remember to allow a bit of extra fabric, generally about 1/8 of an inch, around each piece to account for seams. Most doll patterns should provide clothing in a contrasting color, either in the form of a differently-colored body or a simple outfit; don't forget to cut those parts out, too. Stitch the pieces. To allow your doll to fill out properly with the batting, you'll generally need to make stitches to help define curves. Again, follow the specific instructions on your pattern. Add batting. Ball up your batting and insert it into each part of the doll that needs to be stuffed. Use thread that's the same color as the natural cloth you chose for the doll's body to tie off the open ends and prevent batting from escaping. Once every piece has been stuffed, stitch them together per the instructions on your pattern. Batting tends to pull out from the bag in clumps or strips, but you can ball it evenly by laying out smaller pieces in a star or triangle pattern and rolling up each one in turn until you have the size you want. Stuff the head most tightly, so it's firm. Stuff the body more loosely. Add hair and facial features. All this requires is colored thread and a bit of patience. Use black, brown, blue, or green thread for the eyes, and red or black thread for the mouth. Sew each feature into the doll's face by using a needle threaded with a length of embroidery floss to help pull the colors through. Yarn hair can simply be stitched on. To be sure your eyes and mouth are placed evenly, mark where you intend to stitch them with pins first. Take each pin out as you begin to work on that part. If you looped the yarn when you stitched in the doll's hair, simply clip the loops to give it a full, messy head of hair. Gather supplies. To make this simple wooden doll, you'll need large craft clothespins (the kind with a rounded knob on the grip end), which can usually be found at craft stores. You'll also need acrylic paints, a fine-tipped felt marker, and some materials for making an outfit, such as felt, ribbons, or scrap cloth. Paint the clothespin. The knob at the grip of the pin will serve as the head, and the split at the bottom will become the feet. Use acrylic paint to paint on whatever features you want, including shoes, which can be easily approximated by painting one color about ¼ of an inch up both “feet,” letting it dry, and then painting black or brown over that color up to about halfway. The black or brown becomes the shoe color; the first color is the sock color. You can paint the clothespin with skin-colored paint if you want, but it's not strictly necessary. If you do, be sure to let it dry first before adding other details. Paint the face so that it makes sense with the way the feet are split. Your doll will look very odd otherwise. Add details. Using your fine-tipped marker, draw any extra details you want to on the doll, such as pupils for the eyes or a smiling mouth. Dress your doll. Using your scrap materials, scissors, and some craft glue, think of a fun outfit for your doll. Remember to pin things in place before you cut, to be sure they'll fit properly. Consider making a hat or wig of some type for your doll's bald head. Once you're satisfied, glue each item into place with a bit of craft glue. Your clothespin doll won't hold up a lot under sustained play, but it does make a great family project or childhood keepsake. Don't worry if it falls apart just fix it. 
Pour the concrete. If you are unfamiliar with pouring concrete, follow the linked instructions to ensure you do so correctly. Be ready to move on to the next steps as soon as you pour. Compress the concrete only if necessary. Many modern concrete mixes do not need to be compressed, or "tamped", before finishing, and tamping the wrong mix can weaken the slab. Confirm your decision with a professional before tamping. If you do decide to tamp, simply press the concrete down using any variety of tamping tool (hand, rolling, etc.). Place a 2x4 across the concrete. Find the straightest lumber 2x4 you can find and place it across the barriers holding the concrete in place, or "forms". The 2x4 should extend at least a foot past the forms in each direction. This object is referred to as a screed board. Use the 2x4 to level the concrete. Using the technique described below, move the 2x4 down the forms to remove excess concrete. Use a sawing motion to pull and push the 2x4 across the concrete as you move it down the length of the forms. This sawing motion helps prevent tearing as you level the surface. Tilt the leading edge slightly away from the direction of travel to create a thin cutting edge where the screed board meets the concrete. Keep at least a 1 inch (2.5cm) hump of concrete in front of the edge at all times. This will fill any holes in the concrete's surface. Pour and level in stages for larger projects. At the end of the slab, push the excess concrete against the forms for easy removal with later tools. Immediately level and prepare further using a bull float. The bull float is a flat, long-handled tool used to flatten minor ridges and holes, as well as embed aggregate particles further into the concrete, bringing the smoother "cream" consistency concrete to the surface for better finishing. The bull float should have rounded ends, not flat or straight ends. Avoid using a square float, as it will make smoothing out the concrete more difficult. Move the bull float back and forth across the slab, perpendicular to the direction you moved the leveling board. (In other words, move the bull float between the two forms the 2x4 was resting on.) Slightly lift the leading edge to create a smaller cutting edge of contact, lifting the tool toward you when pushing and away from you while pulling. Some bull floats will have a handle that will lift the tool for you when you turn it. Don't overdo it; the edge of the tool should remain level with the concrete. Try to finish this process before any "bleed water" leaks out onto the concrete's surface. Use an alternative tool (optional). A magnesium float is a short-handled tool that serves the same purpose as a bull float for smaller projects. A "power float" or "helicopter" is a powered tool used on large projects. Move the magnesium float back and forth in overlapping arcs until the whole surface has been covered twice. A power float requires two people to place it carefully onto the slab, but only one to operate it. It takes a little practice to work properly, so stay near the center of the slab while you're learning to avoid damaging the concrete's edge. Tidy the corners using a smaller tool. An edging tool is designed to create level edges and corners next to the form, where your larger bull float or magnesium float is less accurate. This will create more durable edges as well as improve the concrete's appearance. Use a back-and-forth motion in a 1- to 2-ft. (0.3–0.6m) area before moving on to the next. As with previous tools, lift the leading edge of the tool. Don't press too deeply into the concrete; this can create impressions that are difficult to remove. Cut grooves into your concrete. These are called control joints and direct the concrete's inevitable cracking in such a way that appearance and functionality are minimally affected. These should cut 25% of the way through the concrete's depth. The distance between joints should be no more than 24 times the thickness of the slab. If you are working in the imperial system, calculate this by doubling the thickness of your slab in inches and using that measurement as feet. (For instance, a 4" (10 cm) slab should have joints no more than 8' (2.4m) apart.) Every inside corner of your slab and every corner that touches a building or step should have a control joint extending from it, as these are common cracking locations. Use a straightedge or snap line to lightly mark the joints before cutting and keep your tool straight as you cut. A grooving tool works well for most projects. If your concrete has already started to dry and crack, use a dry-cut saw that can cut to the desired depth. For extra large projects, use a long-handled marking tool. Wait for the concrete to partially dry. It takes experience to learn the correct timing for concrete, since its drying speed depends on many factors such as the characteristics of the mix and the local temperature and humidity. Here are the basic details: As the concrete sets, excess "bleed water" will rise to the surface. Wait until this water has evaporated and the wet shine of the concrete has started to disappear. If the concrete is still quite wet and forms ridges when you move on to the next step, wait longer. If the concrete becomes too hard and dry to finish properly, throw additional water onto its surface. This is a last resort as it will result in weakness and scaling in the final slab. Apply a color hardener (optional). If you are coloring your concrete using a powder that adds color to the top layer, apply this in the amount specified on the label while the concrete still has a full wet shine. It will still require a little more drying before you proceed to the next stage. Only use on horizontal surfaces and with proper safety equipment to avoid inhalation. Smooth and compact the surface once again with a hand float. This is the final smoothing, bringing the more consistent "cream" of the concrete to the surface for a level, durable finish. Different materials will provide different effects: Magnesium floats are very popular among professionals, since they are lightweight and excellent at opening up the concrete's pores for evaporation. Aluminum floats are very similar to magnesium, but somewhat heavier and stronger (and so a little more difficult to handle). Wooden floats (redwood or hardwood) are cheap but wear out quickly. They create a rough fuzzy surface useful for very stiff concrete or if using colored hardeners (which need to be mixed in with the rougher tool). Laminated-canvas resin floats are used for the same purposes as wood but are a much more durable (and expensive) tool. As before, lift the leading edge slightly and make shallow flat motions across the surface. Consider a trowel finish. Many people skip troweling if they plan to broom, as it only results in minor improvement in that scenario. Troweling without brooming results in a very slick surface (unsafe for surfaces that will get wet) and may cause fine cracks to develop called "crazing". Use a magnesium trowel in much the same way you used previous finishing tools. You can create a very smooth finish by passing over the slab two or three times, waiting for the concrete to dry slightly between passes and lifting the leading edge a little more each time. Steel trowels can also be used, but inexpert timing could cause the steel to trap water inside the concrete and damage it. Troweling too deep or troweling "air-entrained" concrete mixes can release the concrete's air bubbles and prevent it from setting correctly. Larger troweling tools (or other long-handled finishing tools) are sometimes referred to as "fresnos". These are handy for reaching the center of large slabs. Alternatively, use a hand trowel but kneel on wooden boards when you need to be on the slab to prevent leaving deep impressions. Try a broom finish. Most people end with a broom finish to create a non-slip surface. You can do this with or without a preceding trowel finish. Use a medium stiff or stiffer shop broom (the wide rectangular kind). The bristles should be stiff enough to leave noticeable marks, and the concrete should be soft enough to be shaped by them but hard enough to retain them (not sinking back together). Dip the broom into a bucket of water, then shake off the excess (not onto the concrete). Drag the broom gently over the concrete in segments. Overlap the previous segment to ensure full coverage. If the surface is intended to drain, create the grooves in the direction liquids are supposed to flow. Cure the concrete. The final drying process of concrete takes several weeks, and if "cured" at the correct rate minimizes the chance of later damage. The simplest method is to wet the concrete's surface and cover it with plastic sheeting. Weigh down the sheet's edges with heavy objects. There are many other ways to keep the concrete wet, but these tend to require more water or maintenance than plastic. Concrete curing chemicals are often used for professional jobs. These come in many varieties, so consult someone familiar with your concrete mix for advice on selecting one. Begin curing as soon as possible. Once begun, keep off foot traffic for 24 hours, light vehicles such as bicycles for 1 week, and car traffic for 2 weeks. Complete curing takes at least 30 days, and longer at the corners and edges. Seal the concrete. After the concrete has cured for at least a month, use a concrete sealer to make it resistant to liquid damage and easy to clean. Make sure that the concrete is completely dry and clean before starting. Clean the slab well before applying sealant. Apply thinly to avoid puddles. If needed, wait a couple hours (or as the label instructs you), then apply a second layer perpendicular to the first. Allow sealant to dry completely before walking over or placing anything onto the concrete. Wait three days before allowing vehicle traffic. 
Soften your water. Although it is unlikely that hard water will lead directly to hair loss , softening the water you use to wash your hair can help you have a healthy and strong head of hair. The most comprehensive way to do this is by lowering the mineral content of the water. Water softener machines are specifically designed to solve this problem. Water softeners are typically kept in basements or garages, and they work to reduce calcium and magnesium (limescale) in the water. If your home or apartment does not already have a water softener, you might consider buying one. In some cases, you may also be able to rent a water softener in order to try it out before making the investment of buying one. Get a shower filter. A much more practical and affordable option is just to get a filter for your shower head. These work in much the same way as a regular water filter, by neutralizing pH levels. You will need to replace your existing shower head, but this is a lot cheaper and easier than buying a full water softening system. You may have to replace the actual filter inside the shower head every six months or so, but these are relatively inexpensive. You can expect to pay between $10 and $45 for a filter in the US. Try adding some alum to water. One way to get softer water is set aside a bucket of water from the shower or tap which you will use to rinse your hair. Before you rinse, add a spoonful of alum to the bucket of water. The alum will help the minerals in the water to settle at the bottom. You can then scoop up water from the surface to rinse your hair. This water will be less rich in minerals, and less hard. You can find alum powder at the spice section of your grocery store. Look for shampoos that fight hard water. There are shampoos available that are specifically designed for hard water that can help you lower the chances of hair loss. A "chelating" or "clarifying" shampoo is a good choice. These shampoos are designed to tackle and prevent mineral build-up in your hair, but they are harsh so should be used sparingly. Look for a shampoo with the ingredient EDTA. Only use this shampoo once a week. Use a moisturising conditioner after you use this shampoo. Use a conditioner. It's always a good idea to use a conditioner after you wash your hair in hard water. This will help to prevent your hair drying out and becoming brittle, which can contribute to hair loss. Look for a conditioner with natural ingredients that will moisturise your hair. Argon oil is an intensely moisturising ingredient to look out for. You can find conditioners especially designed for hard water areas. Consider a leave in conditioner. To condition your hair even more, you can use a leave in conditioner. This just means you lightly apply it to your hair after washing and let it soak in. Two or three drops of coconut or almond oil gently rubbed into the lower half of your hair will help you to lock in the moisture and prevent dryness. Don't apply more than this or you will end up with greasy hair. The importance of having a good hair care regime to prevent hair loss is heightened by being in a hard water area. Add vinegar to the water you use to rinse your hair. Mix one tablespoon of white vinegar with three cups of water. Take a shower, shampooing your hair as normal. The vinegar can remove built-up minerals from hard water, as well increasing shine and body. When it is time to rinse the shampoo from your hair, use the water and vinegar mixture you created. Carefully pour the concoction over your head, being sure to soak all strands of hair. Rinse it off after a couple of minutes. Some people prefer to use apple cider vinegar. Try a lemon or lime juice rinse. An alternative to vinegar, is a lemon or lime rinse. It works in a similar way to vinegar by breaking down residual salts and minerals in your hair. Lemon and lime juice also strips off excess oil, which makes it an especially good choice for those with greasier hair. Mix with the same measurements as the vinegar method, one tablespoon of lemon or lime juice to three cups of water. After shampooing, massage this solution into your hair and your scalp. Rinse it off after a couple of minutes. Use filtered water for the final rinse. To cut down on your use of hard water, you could use some filtered water for the last rinse when you are washing your hair. You will need about a litre of water for this. Simply pour it over your head a little at a time to wash out the shampoo and conditioner. For a short-term option you could use bottled mineral or spring water. Using bottled water regularly would get expensive and wouldn't be environmentally friendly. Use rainwater to wash your hair. Rainwater is also a good substitute to hard water when washing your hair, as it very soft and largely free of salts and minerals. Place a large bucket outside during rainfalls, collecting as much of the liquid as possible. When it is time to take a bath or shower, heat the water in batches in a large pot on the stove to medium heat, and use while bathing. If you don't use the water straight away, it needs to be kept properly, with a secure lid. You shouldn't assume rainwater is safe to drink. 
Have a towel and dry clothes nearby for after your shower. Gather anything you need to wash off with during your shower, such as your soap, shampoo, and washcloth. Turn on your shower faucet until the water is coming out cold. Remove whatever clothes you don't want to get wet. You'll be pretty cold after your shower, so place at least one towel and your dry clothes on a chair or countertop nearby so they're ready to use right after you're finished. Wash your feet and hands under the running water first. Put your feet under the water first to help your body become slowly used to the cold temperature of the water. Apply some soap to your washcloth and wipe your feet clean. Rinse your feet, then wash your hands using the same procedure. Step out of the water so your feet are no longer underneath it. Splash some cold water onto dry parts of your body. Cup your hands and put them under the water to allow them to fill with water. Take the water and splash some onto a dry area of your body, such as your head, torso, arms, or legs. Do this a few times until you've gotten a few dry parts of your body wet. This will help parts of your body prepare for going under the cold water all the way. Wash your hair and face next. Bend at your waist to stick your head under the running water to wet your hair and face without getting the rest of your body wet. Remove your head after it's wet, squirt a normal amount of shampoo into your hands, and rub the shampoo into your hair. Rinse it out, then apply and rinse out your conditioner if you use it. Apply some soap to your washcloth or your hands to rub onto your face. Wash your face as you normally would, then rinse it, allowing only your face to be under the running water. Turn around and wash your torso, arms, and legs last. Finally, turn around and get your back under the water. Quickly turn back around to get your chest, arms, and legs wet, while avoiding putting your head under water again. Step back out of the water and clean yourself with your soapy washcloth. Rub soap all over yourself to wash your body without standing under the water. Rinse off quickly and get out. Step back under the water to rinse the soap off your back, arms, legs, and chest. Turn the water off and dry yourself off with your towel. Get dressed after you're dry. For extra warmth, have a few towels ready to use. Wrap your hair in one, wrap your torso up under your arms with another, and use a third towel to dry your face, arms, and legs the rest of the way. Go into a warm room or drink something warm if you find yourself still shivering a few minutes after you're dried off and dressed. Repeat taking a cold shower every day until you get more used to it. After a few days of taking a cold shower, you will become more used to the sensation of being under cold water. The water may not feel quite as cold the more often you take cold showers. Listen to your favorite music to distract yourself. Make a playlist of 2 or 3 of your favorite songs that inspire you. If you work out, the music you work out to is perfect to play during your shower to help you get through it. Try singing along or dancing a bit to your favorite music during your shower to further distract yourself from feeling cold. Just be careful not to slip when the shower floor gets wet and soapy. Tell yourself you love cold showers to change your attitude. Repeat to yourself, “I love cold showers. Nothing can stop me today after this!” Telling yourself these positive phrases will help you feel motivated about your shower. Try saying this to yourself in the mirror as well. It's amazing what positive self-talk can do to improve your attitude. Take slow, deep breaths to calm down during the shower. The cold water will probably make you take short, shallow breaths at first. Try to focus on drawing in a deep breath, then slowly letting it out while you're under the cold water. See if you can finish washing different parts of your body with just 1 or 2 deep breaths. You'll probably be moving pretty quickly during your shower, so this is totally possible! Visualize you’re somewhere beautiful to help relax yourself. Close your eyes and imagine that you're under a beautiful forest waterfall during your shower. In your mind's eye, you can look out under the water and see the rushing river before you, flowing between the trees of a beautiful green forest. If you're more of a beach person, visualize that you're under a waterfall near your favorite beach instead. Imagine the ocean waves rolling in toward you as you clean yourself with the pure, cool water. Continue using whatever combinations of these calming techniques work to help you enjoy your cold showers more. 
Cut off water sources. Cockroaches must have a source of water. Depending on the temperature and their size, they can live for a month without any food, but no more than a week without water. Find all the water leaks in your house , and fix them. Once their water source(s) have been eliminated, they will be much more interested in eating gel-based baits you set out. Clean your house thoroughly. A clean house is key to keeping cockroaches away, and the first place to start is the kitchen. Wash your dishes and put food away promptly after meals. Clean up crumbs and spills right away, and generally keep the area clean. Pay special attention to range tops, as cockroaches love grease. Hide your food. Keep food containers sealed, and don't leave food out for extended periods. Don't leave dirty dishes out overnight, and don't leave fruit on the countertop. Mop the floor routinely. This should clean up crumbs and sticky spots. Do not slop water against the walls; remember, they need water. Take out the trash regularly. Have one trash can for food in your house. Don't let it sit for too long. Use a trash can with a lid, rather than one that stays open. Keep it in sealed containers that aren't sitting right next to your house. Use store-bought cockroach bait. Cockroach bait is either housed in a childproof-case or applied as a gel and contains a slow-working poison mixed in with an attractive food (for cockroaches). The roaches eat the poison and bring it back to the nest, where it eventually kills all the other roaches. Place the bait in an area where you know cockroaches will encounter it, such as along baseboards, under the sink, and in corners. It should be as close to the nest as possible, so that as many roaches as possible will eat it and take it back to the nest. Most cockroach baits contain Fipronil.05% or Hydramethylnon 2% as the active ingredient. Roaches will eat the poison, then excrete it back at the nest, where other roaches will come into contact with it and die. Killing roaches using this method can take several weeks. Once the first generation of cockroaches is killed, their eggs will hatch, and more cockroaches will have to be poisoned before the nest is gone for good. Try homemade cockroach baits. Mix one part powdered (not granular) boric acid (sometimes sold as a roach-killing powder, but often available in pharmacies), one-part white flour, one part powdered white sugar. The sugar and flour attracts the roaches, and the boric acid kills them. Sprinkle the powder in the backs of drawers and cabinets, under the refrigerator, under the stove, and so on. You can also try a similar mixture of 1-part boric acid, 2 parts flour and 1 part cocoa. Expect at least 3 cycles of disappearance/reemergence of progressively smaller hordes of cockroaches, lasting about 2 weeks each. Continue using boric acid till roaches are gone. Kids, dogs, and some other pets will eat this mixture. Boric acid is not highly toxic to humans and pets, but is for external use only, so place it where only the bugs can get it. The mixture will cake hard in humid environments, so paper or foil trays may be needed to protect your floors and cabinets. Use a solution of soap and water. This is an easy way to kill adult roaches. Make a light solution of soap (bath soap is fine) and water that is thin enough to spray through a spray bottle. You can splash it, spray it or just throw it on the roach. Just 2 or 3 drops of a soapy water solution can kill a roach. Ensure that it makes contact with the roach's head and lower abdomen. If you can turn the roach over, hitting the belly is best. The roach will run or try to run, but will suddenly stop and die or be almost dead in one minute. The soapy water kills them by forming a thin film over the roach's breathing pores that stays in place due to surface tension, causing the roach to suffocate. Throw the roach away as soon as possible, since it could recover if the water dries up or has not touched a large percentage of its body. Use an insecticide spray. Get some insecticide that is labeled for use against cockroaches and contains Cyfluthrin or another insecticide as the active ingredient. Spray wherever cockroaches may be hiding or entering the house, including along walls, in cracks, and in vents. Keep pets and children out of the way when you are spraying, and follow all safety instructions on the product's label. If you're also using roach bait, don't spray near the bait. The spray may contaminate the bait and cause roaches to stay away from it. Using spray against roaches works to keep them out of sight for the present moment, but it can also serve to drive them further into your walls and make the problem worse. It's important to treat the nest as well as killing roaches on site. Apply a liquid concentrate. Liquid concentrates, once the exclusive domain of professional exterminators, are now being made for use by the public. The concentrate is a poison or deterrent chemical that is diluted with water and then sprayed, wiped, or mopped onto just about any surface, crack or crevice to kill roaches that walk there. Concentrates can be particularly effective providing protection against re-infestation, as they usually deter roaches for 1-2 weeks or more. Get professional grade pesticides. For the worst infestations, as a very last resort, you might want to order the strongest pesticides available. Look for a pesticide that contains Cypermethrin. Professional baits, glue traps with pheromones, and professional sprays are far more effective than products bought at a local home store. Cy-Kick CS is a micro-encapsulated product that is very effective against roaches. You'll probably have to buy it online, because this pesticide isn't usually sold in hardware stores. It will kill live bugs, as well as provide a residual effect for three months. Spray it around the perimeter of your home and in places like your basement. The downside is that this will kill all bugs, even ones that eat roaches, like spiders and millipedes. Use this only as a last resort, and don't use it at all if you have pets and kids around. It's a very strong poison that will harm anyone who eats it. Use store-bought cockroach traps. Cockroach traps lure cockroaches in and then trap them with an adhesive. Get several of these, and place them wherever cockroaches are known to frequent. While this is an effective way to kill a small population of adult roaches, it won't affect the nest itself. Use water jars. A simple and effective homemade way to lure and trap roaches is with a jar placed next to a wall. This allows the roaches to get in, but not escape. Any bait can be placed in the jar, including coffee grounds and water, but it also works with plain water in drier climates. Again, this is a good way to kill adult roaches, but it doesn't affect the nest and eggs. Use soda bottle traps. Take a plastic soda bottle and cut off the top where it curves. Invert the top and place it into the body of the bottle so that it acts like a funnel inside the bottle. Tape it into place around the rim. Pour a bit of water with soap in the bottom of the bottle, and set the trap in a place where roaches hang out. They'll craw into the trap and drown. Move yard debris away from the outside of the house. Cockroaches love piles of wood and other convenient hiding places, and as the weather turns colder, they'll migrate inside the house to keep warm. Make sure your woodpile is far away from the house. Remove piles of straw, leaves, clippings, and any other yard waste. Seal the house to keep roaches from entering. Seal cracks in exterior walls to keep roaches out of the house by blocking their entrance. Seal cracks everywhere you can inside your house as well. This takes time, but the payoff is great, because you eliminate most of their favorite hiding and breeding places. Fill every crack inside every cabinet in your kitchen. Fill the cracks on both sides of floor, door, and window moldings. Fill all openings around pipes in bathrooms and kitchens. Set out preventative traps. Even if you successfully got rid of a nest, prevent a re-infestation by setting out traps that will kill roaches before they get out of control. The best approach is to leave the caulk off a few cracks that are close to potential areas of entry, like the drain or vents, and place traps as follows: Spray over with insecticide (such as Raid) in either gel or liquid form. This serves as a second line of defense should any roaches survive or get past the physical barriers; this will at the very least weaken them. Alternatively sprinkle salt under kitchen cabinets and in cracks. If the place is vacant for an extended period, mop tiled floors with salty water before leaving. Fix any openings with caulk, Spackle or some other hardening mixture. If the crack is on a baseboard or wood, after putting the Spackle down, rub with resin or cover with wood paint. Once the Spackle has hardened, 4-6 hours after its application, it is child-safe. 
Label your emails with a professional subject line. The subject line of your email should be clear and to the point. The subject line should let the recipient know the purpose of the email. Instead of saying "Need to talk," try saying "discussion of X topic. The subject should be between six and eight words. If the email is being sent for a job application, include your name and the position you are applying for. If you were sending an email to a coworker, you would include the name of the project that the email is discussing. Have a professional email address. If you use your personal email address for business purposes, your email address should communicate your name (i.e. mary.smith@ or MichaelJones@). Email addresses such as hotmama@, cutiepie@, or mustlovedogs@ are not appropriate for business emails. If you work for a company, you should always use your work email address. Use a formal salutation. Your email should always begin with a professional salutation. "Hey" or "What's up" is not appropriate. "Hi" or "Hello" are preferable. If you are including the name of the recipient in your salutation, do not use a shortened version of their name (i.e. use "William" instead of "Will"). If someone has a gender neutral name, like Chris Smith, and you do not know whether the person is a Mr./Mrs./Etc., it is best to write "Dear Chris Smith." Use professional language. You should use formal English when writing business emails. Avoid slang and colloquialisms in your email. Abbreviations, emoticons, and text message language (e.g. Lol) should not be used. Your email should be concise. Not only is the reader a busy person, but he or she may be reading your email on a mobile device. A short, to-the-point email is much easier to read and respond to than a lengthy, confusing one. Try not to address more than one topic in an email. Emails are brief forms of communication. If you cannot address the topic in a brief manner, you may need to pick the phone and call the person. Be aware of your tone. In addition to using clear and concise language, you should read the email out loud to make sure that your email comes across as you intended it to. You do not want to sound harsh or abrupt. Remember that your email must speak for itself. You are not there to convey the tone and intent for the reader. Emails do not come with body language and facial expressions. Also, humor does not translate well over email. End the email properly. It is important that you end an email just like you would end any other conversation. You should end your email by saying "Thanks," "Thank You," or "Sincerely" followed by your name. Your emails should also include a signature. Your signature lets the reader know how to contact you. It should include your name, company, address, phone, your email address, and a website link if you have one. Proofread before you send. You should read your email multiple times before you send it. Do not rely on spellcheck. People will notice grammatical errors and misspelled or missing words.  Proofreading is particularly important when you are introducing yourself for the first time through email. You want to make a good impression and not be judged by your email mistakes. When you are proofreading you should ask yourself: "Am I being clear and concise?" "Did I include any unnecessary information?" "Is there anything I can take out?" You should also verify that you are sending the email to the correct recipient. It can be very embarrassing to send an email to the wrong person. Know when to use Reply and Reply All. When you choose "Reply," you are sending the email back to the original sender. When you hit "Reply All," you are sending the email to all of the original recipients. Use "Reply All" sparingly and only when it is absolutely necessary to share your response with all of the original recipients. Know the difference between Bcc and Cc. You should use "Bcc" when the privacy of the email recipients is important. This may be useful in group emails or large distribution lists. You should use "Cc" when you need to include other people in the conversation and privacy is not an issue. "Cc" is helpful when you just want to keep someone in the loop about what is going on. It is very important that you use these two functions properly. "Bcc" should not be used to secretly pass along private information or to trap people. For example, you should not send an email to your coworker about a mistake they made and "Bcc" your supervisor. Recognize when a phone call may be better. It may be quicker to pick up the phone instead of sending countless emails back and forth. It may be helpful to use the three email rule. If an issue has not been resolved within three emails, you should pick up the phone and call the person. There are times when the phone is more efficient than exchanging multiple emails. Keep in mind that this rule is not set in stone. You should use your discretion when deciding it is time to pick up the phone. Know when to start a new conversation. If you need to discuss a different topic with the same recipient, you should start a new email. This will make it easier to keep track of conversations and will keep you from looking lazy.  For example, if you have been emailing someone about an upcoming meeting, you need to start a new conversation if you wanted to discuss the outcomes of a project that is being worked on. 
Understand how waist trainers work. Waist trainers are not a replacement for diet or exercise. They may only achieve temporary results. Waist trainers function by squeezing in fat tissue to reduce fluid in your tissue. This then compresses and displaces your internal organs. Use waist trainers with caution. Waist trainers can cause discomfort, difficulty breathing, or even heartburn. If you experience any of these symptoms, take the waist trainer off immediately. Know the difference between a steel-boned corset and a cincher. Steel-boned corsets and cinchers offer more support and cinching than latex waist trainers. Latex waist trainers, however, can help boost the heat at the body's core, which can help burn belly fat faster. Latex waist trainers are more like cinchers than full corsets. When worn they will immediately make your waist look an inch or two smaller, whereas a full corset will immediately take several inches off the appearance of your waist plus the other areas it covers. Steel-boned corsets also offer more postural support, cinching, and hourglass shaping than latex trainers. There are different types of cinchers. They are mostly made from latex, spandex, or nylon, and some have plastic boning. Cinchers are believed to be more comfortable to work out in and sleep in than steel-boned corsets, although it is still possible to sleep in a steel-boned corsets. When a steel-boned corset is fitted correctly to your body, it should also be quite comfortable for sleeping, but not for exercise. Consider your wardrobe. Both latex cinchers and steel-boned corsets can show through your clothing. Steel-boned corsets are bulkier than cinchers, making cinchers the better choice for more fitted outfits. Cinchers will still show through sheer shirts and flimsy fabrics, so keep this in mind when choosing a cincher color. If you are really committed to waist training, and you have the money to spend, you might consider getting a couple of different trainers or corsets just so you have some selection. Know which waist trainer to wear, and when. Make sure that you know what you can and can't do while wearing a waist trainer. Experts recommend against doing abdominal exercises while wearing a waist trainer. Some companies offer different types of waist trainers for different purposes. As an example, one company sells work-out corsets, but even these cannot be worn for all types of exercises. If you have a steel-boned corset, do not work out in it. This is not made for working out in, although you can sleep in it.  Measure your natural waist size. You'll need to know your natural was it size in order to choose the right size of waist trainer. Here's how to measure your waist: Remove any clothing that is covering your midsection. Your waist is between the bottom of your ribs and the tops of your hip bones. It's generally the narrowest part of your torso, where you bend from side to side. Wrap a measuring tape around your waist, keeping it parallel to the floor so that it sits evenly around your waist. Make sure that it fits snugly against your torso but doesn't dig into it. Don't suck in your stomach as this will make your waist seem smaller than it is. Breathe in and out to gauge roughly where your waist sits at its natural state. Look down. Wherever the end of the measuring tape is sitting while you're relaxed with it evenly around your waist, that's your natural waist size. As an example it might read 29 inches (or more, or less). Ensure a proper fit. Sizing can differ slightly depending on the manufacturer, so always be sure that you're clear on the sizing before ordering your corset. For steel-boned corsets, some manufacturers say that if your waist is under 38 inches, you should order a corset with a waist size that is 4 to 7 inches smaller, and if your natural waist is over 38 inches, order a corset that is 7 to 10 inches smaller. So if your waist is 29 inches, try starting with a corset with a 25-inch waist. For latex waist trainers the sizing is a bit more straightforward. Just choose the trainer size that is in line with your natural waistline. If you have a 29-inch waistline, you'll probably want to choose a waist trainer that fits a 28- to 30-inch waistline. If you have any doubts whatsoever about sizing or fit or anything else, it's always best to contact the manufacturer directly. They will be able to tell you more about the specific sizing of their products, and can help you make the right choice. Both steel-boned corsets and latex waist trainers should lie flat against your midsection. If they roll up, bulge, or buckle at all, they are likely too small, and you should get a larger size. Choose a high-quality waist trainer. Well-made corsets and waist trainers will feel strong and secure. The seams will be well-stitched and, if they have bones, these will not dig into your body when the corset is on. If it's a lace-up corset or cincher, the grommets should also be well secured, and the corset should not buckle under the tension of being laced up. If you are buying your waist trainer online, be sure to read lots of online reviews before buying it. It's something that you'll be wearing every day, for several hours a day, so get the highest-quality one that you can afford. Strengthen your core before and during waist training. This will help prevent your core muscles from atrophying once you're wearing a trainer for several hours a day. Don't take this advice lightly, otherwise you'll end up being dependent on the waist trainer to hold you up. Failing to work out before and during waist training will give you the opposite of your desired effects. Your stomach will look flabby due to a lack of stomach muscles as your waist trainer has taken over for your core in holding your body upright. Some good core exercises include planks, side twists, weighted crunches, and leg lifts. Aim to do these exercises 3 times each week. </ref> While some people do work out while wearing waist trainers, doctors recommend against it as it can interfere with your ability to breathe, make it difficult for you to get a full workout, and contribute to back acne. Know how to put on your waist trainer. Your waist trainer should come with instructions on how to put it on. These may depending on the style and manufacturer, but here are some general instructions: Many people find it helps to wear a thin-fabric top beneath the corset to prevent skin irritation. A soft camisole or close-fitting tank top will do nicely. For a steel-boned corset, loosen it all the way and undo any snaps. Ensure that it is right side up and slide it around your body, with the snaps at the front and laces at the back. If your corset has a modesty flap (the panel of fabric that sits beneath the laces on your back), it should just touch the other side of the corset. Before tightening the laces, hook the eyes. It can help to start at the middle. Next, reach behind and grab your lacing loops, then pull them away from you to tighten the waist. For a latex waist trainer, there are no laces involved. There will likely be two sets of snaps at the front of your trainer (i.e. these sit on your stomach). Start at the widest setting (the first set of snaps), and then move on to the tighter setting as you grow accustomed to the trainer. Breaking in (aka “seasoning”) your corset. For the first several days of wearing your waist trainer or steel-boned corset, make sure that you take time to slowly break it in: For a steel-boned corset, don't lace it too tightly when first putting it on. It should fit snugly, but you should still be able to slide at least a few fingers or even your whole hand in the top or bottom of the corset. The boning will adjust to your shape with time. After wearing it for about an hour, you can tighten it more. Don’t tighten too much too fast. If you tighten your corset before you and it are ready, you'll risk warping the corset and possibly even hurting yourself. Go slow. A properly seasoned corset will mould to your body, making it much more comfortable to wear. Regardless of what type of waist trainer you're wearing, remember not to go too tight the first time you put it on. Give it time to mould to your body, and it will be much more comfortable and effective in the long run. Slow and steady wins the waist. From days 4 to 14 of wearing your corset or trainer, Gradually increase your wear time from 1.5 to 2 hours a day to 6 to 8 hours a day, or more. Don't immediately start wearing your corset for 12 hours a day. Even when you're advanced, you can get away with 6 to 8 hours a day and still see results. Latex waist-trainer experts recommend wearing them for 8 to 10 hours each day. Some people wear their steel-boned corsets for up to 23 hours a day. Be sure to know the risks involved with lengthier periods of waist-training. Above all else, make sure that you are never in pain. Start seeing results. You should start seeing results within a month of wearing your waist trainer, but it can take longer. If you're already quite slim and fit, you might not see a significant change for up to 2 months. Your results will depend on your lifestyle (i.e. diet and exercise), body type, and how long you wear the waist trainer each day. Plan your outfits. You'll be able to see the corset through a lot of shirts, so make sure that nothing is too thin, flimsy, or sheer, otherwise you'll be able to see the corset through it. Know when to take it off. If you experience pain, numbness in your limbs, or stomach issues such as acid reflux or heartburn, loosen or remove your waist trainer or corset. Keep it clean. Be sure to hang your corset up to air out after wearing it. Place its laces over the hanger so that they don't drag the corset down or get caught in anything. Unless the manufacturer tells you otherwise, you should never wash a corset. If you spill something on your corset, you can probably spot clean it with a damp cloth, but that's the extent of it. Each manufacturer will have their own cleaning instructions, so check with them before cleaning your corset. Adopt a healthy lifestyle. Drink enough water, eat a healthy diet, and exercise regularly. Doing all of these things will help you see more significant results while waist training. It can also help to avoid foods and drinks that make you bloat, which will be doubly uncomfortable when you're wearing a corset or latex waist trainer. Many doctors agree that proper nutrition and regular exercise will do more to trim your waist than a waist trainer will. Planks and twisting crunches are recommended. 
Get away from the source of the burn. Whenever you find yourself burned, you need to get away from the source of the burn. If you got burned by an electrical appliance, turn off the appliance and move the skin away from it. If you were burned by chemicals, get away from the spill as quickly as possible. If you got a sunburn , get out of the sun immediately. If your clothes were covered with chemicals or burned in the process, remove them as carefully as possible without hurting the wound. Do not pull clothing away from your skin if it sticks to the burned area; call emergency services or seek immediate medical attention. Determine the severity of the burn. There are three different degrees of burns. Before you treat your burn, you need to know the difference in the burns. A first-degree burn affects only the top layer of skin, is usually red, can be painful, and is dry to the touch. A second-degree burn extends further into the under layers of skin, may look "wet" or discolored, often includes white blisters, and generally causes pain. Third-degree burns extend all the way through the skin and sometimes into surrounding tissue. They look dry or leathery, and may include black, white, brown, or yellowed skin at the burn site. They cause swelling and are extremely severe, even though they often hurt less than more minor burns because the nerve endings have been damaged. Only continue if you know your burn is first-degree or minor second-degree. Others should not be treated with this method unless a doctor tells you it is okay. Never treat a third-degree burn, or any open wound, with aloe. The aloe does not allow the burn to dry, which makes it impossible to heal. Cool your wound. Once you have assessed the state of your burn and removed yourself from the injurious situation, you can start to cool your wound. This helps pull the heat from the wound and calm the skin before you apply aloe. Run cold water over the burn for 10-15 minutes as soon as possible after the burn. If you cannot reach the area with a tap or shower, soak a cloth in cold water and place it over the burn for 20 minutes. Replace the cloth as its temperature rises with another newly soaked cloth. If you're able to, bathe the burned area in cool water for at least 5 minutes. You can soak the area in a sink or bowl of cool water. Clean the wound. Once you have cooled the wound, you need to clean it. Take some soap and rub it in your hands. Gently rub the soap over the burned area, cleaning it. Rinse the area with cool water to remove to soap suds. Pat dry with a towel. Do not rub the wound because it can cause the skin to get even more irritated or the skin to break if it is sensitive or starting to form blisters. Cut aloe from a plant. If you have an aloe plant in your home or near where your burn occurred, you can use it to get fresh aloe. Remove a few meaty leaves near the bottom of an aloe vera plant. Cut off any spines on the leaves to avoid getting poked. Cut the leaves in half down the middle and score the insides with your knife. This will release the aloe from the leaves. Collect the aloe on a dish. Repeat until you have enough aloe to cover all of your burn. Use store-bought aloe. If you do not have an aloe plant, you can use over-the-counter aloe gel or cream. It can be acquired at most general stores, pharmacies, and grocery stores. When purchasing a brand, make sure the cream or gel is 100% pure aloe vera gel, or as close as possible. Some products have more than others, but you should get the one with the highest possible amount of aloe.  Look at the ingredient list of the gel you buy. Some that claim that they are "made with pure aloe gel" only have 10% aloe. Apply a generous amount to your wound. Take the aloe you extracted from the plant or pour a generous amount of the gel into your hands. Rub it gently onto the burned area, making sure not to scrub the affected area or rub too hard. Repeat 2-3 times a day until the burn is no longer painful. You only have to cover your wound after the aloe vera has been applied if it is in a place that might get rubbed against or hurt without a protective covering. In this case, use a clean bandage or gauze that will not leave any residue behind once it is removed. Take an aloe vera bath. If you want another alternative to simply applying aloe vera gel, you can take an aloe vera bath. If you have an aloe plant, boil a few leaves in water. Take out the leaves and pour the water, which may be brown in color, into your bathwater. If you have gel, pour a generous amount into your water as you fill up the tub. Lay in the lukewarm water infused with aloe for 20 minutes to soothe your burn. You can also buy bubble bath with aloe in it, but it is not recommended to use these products on burned skin. They may have other chemicals that might dry out your skin instead of hydrating it. See your doctor for a burn that’s large, severe, or in a sensitive area. These burns should only be treated by a healthcare provider. Trying to treat them yourself may lead to an infection or scarring. In general, visit your doctor if your burn is: on your face, hands, feet, genitals, or joints. larger than 2 inches (5.1 cm) in size. a third-degree burn. Get medical attention if your burn shows signs of infection or scarring. Burns can get infected, even with treatment. Fortunately, your doctor can provide you a treatment to kill the infection, such as an antibiotic or medicated cream. Signs of infection include: Oozing from your burn Redness around the burn Swelling Increased pain Scarring Fever Visit your doctor if your burn isn’t healing after a week. Your burn might take several weeks to heal, but you should see some improvement after about a week of home treatment. If your burn isn't improving, you may need medical care. Your doctor can evaluate the burn and offer additional treatment. Monitor your burn by taking photos of it or measuring it each day. Ask about medicated burn creams and pain relief, if necessary. Your doctor can prescribe a burn cream or ointment to speed up the healing process. The cream or ointment will help prevent infection and will prevent your bandages from sticking to your wound, if you have bandages. Additionally, your doctor may be able to prescribe painkillers to help you cope with the pain as your burn heals. Your doctor will likely recommend that you try over-the-counter pain relievers first, such as ibuprofen or naproxen. 
Be able to identify and sort different metals. Buyers will be purchasing specific metals by the pound. You will need to accurately identify your scrap for sale. To do this, first use a magnet to check the metal's ferromagnetism (whether or not the magnet sticks). Weigh this information with the metal's appearance, weight, and item of origin. There are five major metals that will likely make up the bulk of your scrap. Iron and its alloy steel have many uses and are probably the most common metal you'll be scrapping. Iron is ferromagnetic, strong, and lighter than most other metals except for aluminum. While normally different shades of gray, it rusts into a reddish brown. Aluminum is non-ferromagnetic and very light. Like iron, it is ubiquitous. Pure copper is slightly pink, while lower grades are a reddish brown. It tarnishes into a jade green color. Copper is non-ferromagnetic and slightly heavier than iron. You'll find copper in wiring and quality cookware. Bronze is an alloy of copper but is worth significantly less. It is a much lighter, almost gold color. It is commonly found in instruments, decorations, and pipe valves. Lead is extremely soft and heavy. It is typically used to make bullets and as radiation shielding. Keep in mind that lead is extremely toxic, so use protection when handling anything you suspect to contain it. Keep in mind that within these basic categories there are also many different grades with their own properties. For example, most stainless steel is non-ferromagnetic. Additionally, you will probably come across rarer valuable metals if you scrap electronics. Study these before starting your business. Learn how to disassemble objects for scrap. In order to sort your scrap, you will likely need to break down larger items into smaller component parts. Some objects can be taken apart easily with simple tools, while others will require a blow torch or a metal saw. The item type will determine exactly what steps you will need to take. Look up information online before scrapping something you haven't worked with before. While many buyers will purchase wiring as-is, some scrappers choose to strip it themselves to get the full copper value. Figure out if the difference in price is more than the cost of your time and labor. Stripping wire may be worthwhile when you're first starting your business, but less important later on. Keep track of metal prices. Check metal prices regularly to be aware of what to charge and what to pay for scrap. To do this, simply use the Internet to search for "commodity trading prices." Be sure to ask local contacts in case your area sells at a different rate. It may be a good idea to offer a fixed rate when buying scrap while asking buyers for close to the market rate when selling. Purchase or rent a vehicle for your business. Pick a truck or van that is large enough to transport large amounts of scrap metal. If your business focuses on scrapping smaller high tech items, you may be able to use a personal sedan instead. Protect the inside of your vehicle from possible damage or staining. If renting, make sure the rental company allows for commercial use of the vehicle. Cut down operating costs by choosing a vehicle with good fuel efficiency. Set up an area for your scrap. You will need a place to sort, disassemble, and store your scrap metal. Depending on how much and what type of items you plan to collect, this could be as small as a storage unit or trailer. If you want a large yard, you'll have to lease or purchase an open space. Either space must be secure to prevent theft and possible liability in the event of an injured trespasser. Invest in protective gear. Dealing with scrap metal can be dangerous and may subject you to cuts, tetanus, blunt trauma from falling objects, and even possible radioactive or otherwise hazardous waste. Hardhats should be worn when hauling bulky items or when near stacked metal. Wear thick spill-resistant gloves and boots when working with scrap. Respirators are necessary if hazardous particulates, such as asbestos, may be present. Wear welding goggles when cutting metal. Get insurance coverage for your vehicle and property. If you have a site that is open to the public, you'll need to cover liability issues. At the minimum, have customers sign liability waivers before entering the site. Having insurance will also help you to recoup costs in the event of theft or a natural disaster. Keep accurate records of all business expenses and income. While different countries and locales have varying tax laws, the need for accurate records is universal. If you live in the US, you will need to file an IRS 1099 Form each year as part of your tax return. Report all sales made. Be sure to claim deductible business expenses to reduce your tax burden. Use the Internal Revenue Service's Cash Intensive Businesses Audit Techniques Guide as a reference. This document is available for free on their official website. Talk to your county or town about necessary licenses and permits. Many local municipalities require that scrap metal businesses obtain appropriate licenses or permits. If you run a scrap yard or other area that is open to the public, you may have to deal with zoning issues like traffic, parking, and safety. Because of this, you may need to demonstrate your safety practices, show proof of insurance, pay a fee and/or indicate your knowledge of local laws. Speak to an attorney. Consult an expert on scrapping or similar businesses to make sure you have everything covered. Ask about any tax, licensing, or occupational safety issues you may need to address. If you live in the United States and have at least one employee, your business must be compliant with standards set by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). Read the requirements on OSHA's website before hiring to make sure you offer a safe work environment. Hire an employee or find a business partner. Even if you're strong and in great shape, most scrap hauling is at least a two person job. Figure out a fair salary for an employee or share in the profits with a partner. If your business focuses only on more manageable items, such as wires and electronics, you can start out on your own. Start making arrangements to collect scrap. Major sources include businesses that use and discard metal and homeowners throwing away bulky items like refrigerators and air conditioners. You may even choose to buy used cars at scrap prices. The business transaction that comes from obtaining your scrap will vary. Many commercial sources will require payment from you. However, if you advertise as a junk-disposal business to consumers, you can often obtain scrap for free or even charge for your service. Advertise your new business. Take out ads in your local newspaper, post your business on online forums, and flyer door to door. Let your neighbors know that you are starting a scrap metal business and ask them to send any discarded metal your way. Find buyers for your scrap metal. A larger local scrap yard or recycling center are some options. You can also advertise scrap metal that you have for sale. If you decide to start a scrap yard, it can be open to the public at certain times for customers to browse and buy. Work out a schedule. Optimize the efficiency of your business by organizing your time. Set aside different day(s) to obtain scrap, sort and dismantle metal, and delivering it to buyers. Keep at it to make sure your operation runs smoothly. If you neglect any of these three tasks, the work can build up and make doing the other two impossible. 
Drink several glasses of water. Eyes tend to get puffy due to water retention, which is caused by a high concentration of salt in the area around the eyes. If you ate a very salty dinner or cried before bed you might notice increased puffiness in the morning. Drinking plenty of water flushes the area and causes the swelling to go down. Avoid substances that tend to dehydrate you, like caffeine and alcohol. Apply something cold to your eyes. Eye puffiness is a buildup of fluids in the tissues around your eyes, and like other types of swelling, it can be reduced with the application of a cool compress of some kind. Chilled cucumber slices are the perfect size and shape for your eyes, and the ascorbic acid in them works well to temporarily reduce puffiness. Lie back and place them over your closed eyelids for 15 minutes, or until they grow warm. If you don't have a cucumber on hand, wet some tea bags and place them in the freezer for 15 minutes, then lie back and apply them to your eyes for 15 minutes. In addition to cooling, the caffeine in black tea can also help restrict blood flow, thereby reducing swelling. For a less messy alternative, try putting 2 metal tablespoons in the fridge and use them daily by placing the backs against your eyes. Apply an astringent substance to your eyes. You can buy astringent creams and tonics that help reduce puffiness by tightening the skin around your eyes. Soak two cotton balls in astringent cream or tonic, lie back and close your eyes, and place the cotton balls over your eyes. Let the astringent soak in for about 10 minutes, then remove the cotton balls and rinse your face. Sliced strawberries are also said to help tighten and smooth the skin. Put potatoes over the puffiness. Potatoes are said to have natural astringent properties. Peel raw potatoes. Cut in half. Place the halves over your eyes for 10 minutes. The potato will cool your eyes and any swelling will decrease. Try grated potato. Simply grate a fresh potato and apply it to your eyes for 15 minutes, then rinse. Get some exercise. This improves circulation, which will help your body move fluid through your body, rather than letting it accumulate. If you have time, go for a run, do some yoga, or simply take a brisk walk. Apply Preparation-H. Hemorrhoid creams such as Preparation-H help constrict blood vessels, which in turn reduces puffiness. Gently dab some on around the eye with your ring finger on days when you notice excessive swelling. Get enough sleep. If you have puffy eyes all day, it could be that you're simply not getting enough sleep, or the quality of the sleep you are getting is poor. Puffiness under the eyes is a common symptom of sleep deprivation. Aim to get 7-8 hours of sleep every night. Elevate your head when you sleep. It's not unusual to have puffy eyes upon waking. A possible explanation for this may be that when you are lying down for several hours in a horizontal position and then stand up, the fluid that was resting under your eyes is suddenly being pulled down by gravity. To reduce it, you can try using an extra pillow while sleeping so that the fluid is not as drastically drawn down when you get up. If you sleep on your stomach, try to move toward sleeping on your back instead. Stomach sleepers tend to have the puffiest eyes, since this position allows fluid to collect there. If you're a side sleeper, you might find that one eye gets puffier than the other. Try to switch sides or start sleeping on your back instead. Handle your face with care. The skin around your eyes is fragile, and it can get stretched out and damaged by rough handling and exposure to chemicals. To prevent the skin around your eyes from getting loose and filling with fluid, change your routine so that you're treating your face more gently. Don't use harsh chemicals to wash your face. Use a light, gentle cleanser instead. Don't wipe or rub your makeup off your eyes; use a makeup remover so it comes off more easily. Don't scrub at your eyes with a towel. Gently splash water over your face and pat it dry. Use moisturizer on your eyelids and around your eyes. Treat your allergies. Puffy eyes are often caused by allergies, which inflame the face and cause water to collect there. You might see a big difference if you treat your seasonal allergies with a good allergy medication. Try an over-the-counter medication or get a prescription from your doctor. Be sure your house is free of dust, animal fur, and other allergens. Change the filters on your heating system and wash your linens frequently. Make healthy changes to your diet. Do you tend to eat salty dinners frequently? This is a big cause of puffiness around the eyes, since the salt causes you to retain water in the face. If you go to bed almost every night with a lot of salt in your system, it can actually cause the skin in your eyes to stretch out and sag over time from getting filled with fluid. Start these new habits to reduce the chances that this will happen: Use less salt in your cooking. Try reducing it by half, then go lower if you can. Don't eat out as often. You can't control how much salt restaurants use in their food, and it's usually more than you think. Avoid salty foods like chips, salted nuts, pretzels, canned soups, fried foods, and other foods that tend to be high in sodium. Snack on bananas and raisins, both of which alleviate fluid retention. Consume cabbage or cranberry juice. Both are diuretics, which will help you "evacuate" some excess fluid. Don't turn to caffeine as your diuretic of choice, as it can interfere with sleep and bring back the puffiness. Drink less alcohol. Alcohol leads to fluid retention in the face, as well as causing dehydration. Limit your alcohol intake to 1 or 2 drinks at a time, 1 or 2 times per week. Drinking more than this will eventually cause the skin around your eyes to loosen. Determine if you have a condition associated with puffy eyes. Sometimes the swelling is a side effect of another condition. Getting treated for the condition may help cure your puffy eyes. Here are a few conditions that commonly lead to eye puffiness: Pregnancy Hormonal variation in the menstrual cycle Dermatitis (sensitive skin is more likely to swell in response to irritants) Allergies Mononucleosis (puffy eyes may be an early symptom of infection Medication (puffiness or water retention could be a side effect) More serious medical conditions Reduce stress. High levels of cortisol, the stress hormone, can lead to a number of physical symptoms including swollen or puffy eyes. Try yoga, controlled breathing exercises, or meditation. All of these help moderate stress and are thought to help improve overall circulation. Accept yourself. If you've checked with your doctor, then your puffy eyes are probably only a cosmetic issue. It happens with age, and sometimes it just happens. Learn to draw attention to other features that haven't aged, such as the color of your eyes, the curl in your hair, or your attitude towards life. Get blepharoplasty surgery. As a last resort, this surgery removes fat deposits around the eyes and is followed by laser treatment on the skin. The overall result is a tighter look and permanently reduced puffiness. This surgery usually runs in the thousands of dollars with a recovery period that lasts several weeks. 
Buy plain or unsweetened almond milk, if you are going to flavor it yourself. Commercially-made chocolate or vanilla almond milk is usually fairly high in sugar content, containing more than 20 g (1.7 tbsp.) of sugar per serving. Sweeten almond milk with maple syrup, honey, agave nectar or granulated sugar. Stir in 1 tbsp. (12 g or 14.8 ml) of the sweetener for every 4 cups (0.95 l) of unsweetened almond milk. Stir very well, until the granules dissolve. Add more, if desired. Add 1 of the following flavorings to your milk, according to the flavor you prefer. Flavoring should be done to taste, starting with the measurements below. You can measure enough flavoring to mask the taste of the almond milk altogether or simply to enhance it. Pour in 1 tsp. (4.9 ml) of vanilla extract for every 4 cups (0.95 l) of almond milk. Double the amount if you prefer a strong vanilla taste. Stir well. Create a stronger almond taste by adding almond extract. Pour in 1 tsp. (4.9 ml) of almond extract for every 4 cups (0.95 l) of almond milk. Stir well. Add 1 tbsp. of sugar or agave syrup and 2 tbsp. (14 g) of cocoa powder to 4 cups (0.95 l) of unsweetened almond milk to create chocolate almond milk. Add a pinch of salt. Stir well, until everything has dissolved. Withhold the sugar if you are using plain, sweetened almond milk. Add 1 tbsp. of sugar or agave syrup, 1/2 tsp. (1.3 g) of cinnamon, 1/4 tsp. (0.5 g) of nutmeg and 1/8 tsp. (0.25 g) of cloves to 4 cups (0.95 l) of unsweetened almond milk to create chai almond milk. Do not add the sugar if you are using sweetened almond milk. Stir well. The longer you allow the spices to sit in the milk before drinking, the stronger the taste will be. Pour 4 cups (0.95 l) of unsweetened almond milk into a blender.  Add 2 cups (approximately 150 to 300 g) of sliced fruit to unsweetened almond milk. Strawberries, mango, raspberries, blueberries and peaches work well with this recipe. Remove the seeds or pits from the fruit before adding. Add 2 to 4 tbsp. (30 to 50 ml) of agave syrup or honey into the mixture. Add a pinch of salt, cover the blender and run it on high for 2 minutes.  Strain the resulting milk through a cheesecloth and into a bowl. This will remove any seeds or pulp from the fruit. Store the milk in airtight containers in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.  Pour 1 to 2 cups (237 to 473 ml) of almond milk into a glass jar. Glass canning jars work well for this purpose. Fill the container to the top to minimize the amount of oxygen in the container. Add 1 of the following ingredients to your jar before sealing it. Break up 3 cinnamon sticks and immerse them in the milk. Bruise 1/4 cup (67 g) of fresh mint by rolling it between your fingers. Place it in the milk and stir it. Bruise 1/4 cup (67 g) of rose petals by rolling them between your fingers. Place them directly in the milk and stir them. Scrape the seeds from 1 vanilla bean into the milk. Stir them well. Cover the milk jars so that they are airtight.  Place them in the refrigerator for 1 day. Remove them and remove the plant or spice particles by pouring the milk through a metal strainer. Scented almond milk will have a mild flavor of the plant or spice. The act of breathing in the scent can make the taste of the milk more pleasing. These milks are great to use on desserts, granola or in smoothies and shakes. You can also add honey or agave syrup to create a sweeter flavor in your scented milk. 
Choose a theme. If you want a literal “bouquet” of flowers, for example, then you will need to purchase flower-shaped cookie cutters. You will also need to purchase appropriate colors of food coloring for your cookie designs. Choose a container. You can choose, for instance, a coffee mug, a small basket, a small bucket or a small plant pot. In addition to the container, you will need to purchase florist foam. You'll insert your favors and cookie sticks into the foam to hold them into place. Decide how you want to decorate your container. If you want to paint it, or if you want to purchase items to glue onto the container, then you will need to purchase those items in advance from a craft store or discount store. Alternatively, you can choose to leave the container “as-is.” Choose the appropriate cookie cutters. Choose a larger size as opposed to a smaller size because this will work better in the bouquet. Alternatively, you can choose a variety of sizes to create additional detail. Draw out your cookie decoration on a piece of paper. This will give you a point of reference to use while you decorate your cookies with glaze. Choose additional decorations to add to your bouquet. For instance, you may want to place Easter grass or confetti at the base of the bouquet or insert additional favors into the bouquet. Place the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl and mix the ingredients on medium speed until they are light and fluffy, which should take about 2 minutes. You can use either a handheld mixer or a stand mixer with a paddle attachment. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing for 30 seconds after each addition.  Add the milk and vanilla extract and mix until the ingredients are thoroughly combined.  Whisk together the flour and baking powder in a separate mixing bowl.  Add 1 cup of the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients.  Turn your mixer down to low speed and mix the dry ingredients in until they are just incorporated. Continue adding the dry ingredients, 1 cup at a time, until they are all incorporated into the mixture. Dump the dough out onto a floured work surface. You can sprinkle some flour on a cutting board, a piece of wax paper or a clean countertop. Flatten the dough and shape it into a disc using clean hands.  Wrap the disc in plastic wrap and refrigerate the dough for at least 1 hour.  Sprinkle some flour on your work surface, wax paper or cutting board.  Unwrap your dough and place it on the floured work surface.  Stack two paint stirrers on either side of the dough. These will guarantee that your dough has the right thickness. Place your rolling pin on top of the dough and roll it out. When your rolling pin pushes the dough down enough so that the pin is directly on top of the paint stirrers, you will know that your dough is 1/2” thick. Spread some additional flour onto a shallow plate.  Dip your chosen cookie cutter into the flour. This will keep it from adhering to the dough as you cut out your cookies. Press the cutter into the dough, starting at the top right corner of your dough. Cut out as many shapes as you can from the dough, dipping the cutter in flour as needed to prevent sticking. Remove the scrap dough from the cookies and roll it out a second time until it is 1/2" thick. You can always use the paint stirrers as a guide. Cut out additional shapes from the scrap dough.  Reserve any remaining scrap dough because you may need it to patch up mistakes later.  Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and then line it with parchment paper. The spray will help the parchment paper to adhere to the baking sheet because the paper tends to curl up during longer baking times. Insert your lollipop sticks or wooden skewers into the base of your cookies. Try to keep the sticks parallel to the work surface so that they don't poke through the back of the cookie. Patch up any places where your sticks protrude through the back of the cookie. With your reserved dough, make small patches. You may need to lightly moisten your dough with water so that the patches will stick. Gently press the edges of the patch down so that it blends with the surface of the cookie. Place the entire cookie stick onto the baking sheet. Create an alternating pattern with the remaining sticks. For instance, the top cookie should be in the right hand corner of the baking sheet with the stick pointing to the left. Place the next cookie on the left side of the baking sheet, parallel to the first cookie, with the stick pointing right. Continue laying out cookies onto your baking sheet in the alternating pattern. Leave about 1” (2.5 centimeters) of space between each cookie stick. Bake the cookie sticks for 15 to 20 minutes. Watch them carefully throughout the process; the thicker cookies make the baking time a little trickier. You should remove them from the oven when the edges of the cookies begin to darken. Allow the baked cookies to rest on the stovetop for 2 minutes.  Loosen the cookies from the baking sheet with a spatula. Transfer the cookie sticks to wire racks to cool. You will be able to fit more cookies onto the rack if you lay them out in the same alternating pattern that you used on the baking sheet. Combine the confectioner’s sugar, milk, corn syrup and almond extract in a mixing bowl using a whisk.  Divide the glaze into separate bowls according to the proportions you will need for each color that you want to create.  Mix in food coloring using a whisk. Add just a small amount of food coloring to each bowl. If you want a deeper shade of color, then continue adding food coloring a few drops at a time. Stir the glaze, check the color, and add more food coloring if needed. Check the consistency of the glaze in each bowl. You want the glaze to have the consistency of cold honey so that it is easy to spread over the surface of the cookies. If any of the glazes are too thick, then add a teaspoon of milk and whisk it into the glaze. Pour the glaze that will serve as your background color into a pastry bag fitted with a plain 3/4” tip. Pipe some glaze around the edge of the cookie, leaving a small border between your glaze line and the edge of the cookie. This step creates a border for your background color. In a sense, this is like tracing a picture before coloring it with crayons. The border will ensure that the rest of your glaze doesn't go “outside the lines.” Fill in the design with glaze from the pastry bag. If you need to spread it out a bit, then use a butter knife or a cheese spreader but be careful not to spread it beyond the piped border that you created earlier. Allow the background glaze to dry and set before you add additional details.  For each detail that you want to add to your design, fill a pastry bag with the appropriate glaze and use the appropriate tip. For straight lines, circles or other solid shapes, continue to use the plain tip. To make stars, attach a star tip to the pastry bag. The tip should have a slightly smaller opening than your plain 3/4" tip. Place the tip perpendicular to the surface of the cookie. Squeeze the bag from the top, releasing some glaze, and then pull the bag upward to create the star. To create a fluted ribbon or border, use the star tip. Hold the pastry bag at a 45-degree angle to the surface of the cookie. Steadily release the filling as you pull the bag along the surface of the cookie to create the fluted design. Allow the glaze to dry completely before assembling your bouquet.  Place florist’s foam into your container.  Cover the foam with Easter grass, shredded paper, straw, cotton or other filler.  Insert the back row of decorations or cookies by pushing the sticks into the florist’s foam. This row will be the tallest row. Insert a middle row of cookies and decorations. Push the sticks down into the foam so that the decorations and cookies are slightly lower than the back row. Create the front row of decorations, pushing them into the foam so that the front row is the lowest row in height.  Attach a card for the recipient. Either attach the card to the container or attach the card to the stick and insert the stick into the florist's foam. Cover the bouquet with cellophane, leaving plenty of room around the top of the bouquet so that the cellophane does not touch the cookies or decorations.  Gather the edge of the cellophane around the top of the container.  Tie a decorative ribbon to hold the cellophane in place.  Finished.  
Consider your status in the company. You are much more likely to be granted a sabbatical after you have been working for your employer for several years and have become well respected by your boss. However, if the reasons for your sabbatical are time-sensitive and clearly benefit the company, it might be worth asking even if you do not meet these criteria. For example, an intensive training course that would teach you job-relevant skills might be a compelling reason for the company to grant you a short sabbatical even as a relatively new employee. Learn about your company's policies. Talk to the personnel department to find out if your company has an official sabbatical policy. If it does, your company may offer no pay, partial pay, or full pay. Many companies do not have an official policy, but may be willing to grant a sabbatical anyway if you make a good argument as described in the steps below. Make sure your job will be kept open for you during a sabbatical. Check whether your benefits will be suspended, and whether alternate health care plans or other benefits will still be available through your company. Brainstorm sabbatical plans that will benefit both you and the company. There are many reasons why a sabbatical will make you a better employee. Any sabbatical should leave you more motivated and creative after your return, and a company struggling financially may appreciate the short-term savings of granting a sabbatical. However, try to come up with more specific plans, along with reasons they would benefit the company: Will your travels abroad or participation with a volunteer organization provide new language skills, international contacts, or cultural understanding that will assist you in your job? Will you learn new skills, either through classes, self-directed projects, or visiting other organizations? See the section on "getting the most out of your sabbatical" for more ideas. Plan a sabbatical no longer than three months, as a general rule. Sometimes, you'll only need a few weeks off to take a training course or get certified in a specific task. Only ask for more than three months off if you are well-respected, a longtime employee, and have a compelling reason why the longer sabbatical is necessary. Unlike in the academic world, taking a corporate sabbatical for too long could hurt your reputation in the organization. Present a written plan to your employer. Present a plan that describes the benefits to the company and yourself as a worker, and proposes a duration for your sabbatical. Mention that you are willing to train an interim employee if necessary, or to assist coworkers who may be taking on some of your duties. If possible, make your request six months before the intended start date of your sabbatical, so your supervisor and coworkers have time to make necessary changes. Figure out your finances. If your employer will not pay you during your sabbatical, you will need to finance your break by yourself. Try to save money in advance by paying off debts, and reducing expenditures. If this isn't enough, consider the following options: Take out a home equity loan, or ask for personal loans from family and friends. If your sabbatical lasts longer than a couple weeks, spend it in a region with a much lower cost of living. If you rent out your old place, sublet it with the permission of your landlord, or arrange a house swap, you could reduce your costs significantly, or even break even. Consider getting a part time job, such as freelancing or pet-sitting. Train an interim employee if necessary. If the company cannot function without you for the length of your sabbatical, it may need to find a temporary employee to cover for you. Train this person in your duties before you leave, or show willing coworkers how to cover your most important or time-sensitive duties while you're gone. Update your CV before you leave. If you have any recent job experience or certification that needs to go on your curriculum vitae, add it to the CV now. You may not remember to do this after you return from sabbatical. If you cannot get a sabbatical, think carefully about resigning. You can "make your own sabbatical" by resigning, then pursuing other non-work opportunities. After several months or even a couple years, you can search for a new job. There are obvious risks to this plan, as there is no guarantee you can get another job promptly. However, if you have the financial security to take an independent break, and you are pursuing genuine goals, you can put your "sabbatical" accomplishments on your resume when you decide to apply for a job again. Consider traveling. This can be done in combination with most sabbatical goals. Seeing another culture and making contacts is often beneficial, both personally and career-wise. If your company is looking for international contacts or markets, choose a location the company is interested in to make your sabbatical more likely to be approved. Find social responsibility opportunities. You could volunteer for a charity, or do field research for humanitarian or environmental causes. Some companies interested in social responsibility may appreciate having a worker who represents them in this type of work. Plan your personal goals or growth. This could mean attending a meditation retreat, running a triathlon, or writing a novel. Other goals could be as simple as spending time with your family, especially if your job requires a lot of time away from home or after-hours work. Not only will this type of goal make you more confident and happy, your employer may also benefit from a happier, more motivated worker. Learn new skills. Search for training courses, certification opportunities in new software or procedures, or language-learning programs. You may be able to visit another branch of your company or a sister organization, and do a little work for them to increase your knowledge and learn from a different corporate culture. If you can't find opportunities like these, you can design your own schedule to teach yourself one of these skills. Conduct independent research. This is essentially work away from work, and can be a compelling reason for your employer to approve a sabbatical if you have a useful independent project proposal. Depending on your job, you may be developing a new product, process, or theory. Turn these plans into the most concrete goals possible. Decide on a specific volunteer program to join, or a specific location to travel to. Give your research project, skill learning opportunity, or personal goals their own timeline and deadline, so you are motivated to reach those milestones. Plan each day out. Even with concrete goals, it can be difficult to actually complete them without a regular work structure. Hold yourself to a certain amount of "sabbatical goal time" each day, whether this means spending time with your children or actively working on a project. This will cut down on wasted time and missed opportunities. 
Place the tree in a bucket of warm water until you’re ready to set it up. If you need to store the tree for a few days, water it by keeping it in a bucket. You don't need to do anything else but keep the cut end of the trunk submerged. Check the water level daily to ensure the tree has what it needs. For the best results, keep the tree in a cool, shaded area like a garage to prevent it from drying out. Cut 1⁄2 in (1.3 cm) off of the bottom of the tree to eliminate sap. This only needs to be done if your tree has been out of water for 6 to 8 hours. Saw straight across the cut end of the tree. Taking more off the tree is safe, but cut no less than than ⁄ 2  in (1.3 cm). Trees cover their cuts with sap. Your tree can't absorb much water once sap covers the cut. If your tree dries out, this may be the cause. Pre-cut trees need to be cut again to eliminate the sap. If you live within 3 hours of the place, ask the dealer to make the cut when they sell you the tree. Measure your tree stand to get a tree that fits it. If you already have a stand, determine its width before attempting to bring home a tree. Some stands have metal components that prevent wider tree trunks from fitting securely in place, which leaves you with a big problem. If the tree doesn't fit, it may not be able to reach the water inside the stand. Shaving a tree's trunk with a saw to fit a stand isn't recommended since it may damage the tree's ability to absorb water. If you have no other options, it is worth a try, but try to avoid resorting to it. Select a deep stand that holds enough water for the tree’s size. As a rule of thumb, a Christmas tree needs 4 cups (950 mL) of water for every 1 in (2.5 cm) of its diameter. An average tree needs about 16 cups (3,800 mL) of water per day. Check your stand to ensure it's deep enough to hold all the water your tree needs. Many antique stands aren't deep enough to suit a tree's needs, so measure them carefully before using them. Wider trees need more water, so take this into consideration when choosing a tree. Fill the stand with plenty of water. Lift up the tree's branches to access the stand. Add the water directly to the stand with a watering can, bucket, cup, or similar object. The water in the stand is all the tree needs, but check the water level to make sure it is well above the bottom edge of the trunk. The water temperature does not matter. Cold, warm, and hot water are all the same to Christmas trees. Try using a funnel to avoid having to fight through numerous branches. For example, glue a few PVC pipes together, then set a funnel on top. Avoid adding substances to the tree’s water. Some people swear by water additives, but they aren't necessary. Tap water is all a Christmas tree needs. Additives like flame-resistant chemicals and water-holding gels may even prevent the tree from absorbing water. There are many home remedies, from sprinkling a little sugar in the water to adding commercial preservatives. They aren't proven to help, so you don't need to spend extra money on them. With proper care, a good Christmas tree may last a month or longer. Check the water level daily and fill the stand up as needed. The tree will need plenty of water, especially in the first week. Always look into the stand once a day. See where the water level is on the trunk. Fill the stand up to the top with fresh water as needed. Keep the water level above the cut portion of the trunk or else your tree will dry out! Touch the needles to see if they feel dry and fragile. For anyone who has ever been around a dried-out tree, evergreen needles leave a familiar mess. Run your hand against the needles. Dried needles will fall off the branches without resistance. These needles are easily breakable and feel dry to the touch. Dried needles are a sign that your tree isn't absorbing enough water. Check the water level inside the stand and consider cutting the bottom off the tree if sap is an issue. If your tree is very dry and not improving, remove it from the house immediately to eliminate a fire risk. Use a humidifier to provide more moisture to your tree. A room humidifier serves as a compliment to regular watering. Set the humidifier in the same room as the tree, then let it run. It will blow moisture onto the tree's needles, preventing them from drying out. A humidifier isn't a substitute for regular watering. It helps provide water to the tree, but you still need to check the stand and refill it often. Move the tree away from heat sources to prevent water loss. Various heat sources in your home will dry out the tree's branches as well as the water in the stand. Keep the tree out of direct sunlight and away from heaters and fans as much as possible. Dry trees not only die out faster, but they're a fire risk as well. Position your tree with caution and remember to check the water level in the stand on occasion. Turn off the lights in the room to keep the tree cool and dry. Tree decorations are directly on the branches, so they're a bigger concern than most other light sources in a room. Strands of lights tend to distribute lots of heat, causing the tree to use up water and dry out faster. Limit your light usage to preserve water. Get newer LED lights. They use less electricity and emit less heat than older decorations. When you're out of the room or not at home, turn off the lights to prevent the tree from drying out. 
Change your stylus after 1,000 hours of play or every 3-5 years. The stylus refers to the needle and the piece of plastic connecting it to the cartridge and tone arm. The needle and plastic are always connected as one piece and it is designed to be easy to replace. The stylus wears out over time, so replace it after 1,000 hours of use or after 3-5 years, whichever comes first. Replacing the stylus will ensure that your sound remains accurate and your records stay safe. If the stylus is worn out, you'll notice a scratchy, distorted sound coming out of your records when you play them. It's easy to hear when a stylus needs to be replaced. If you continue to use a damaged stylus, it may damage your vinyl records. The tone arm refers to the arm that you move to raise and lower your needle. The cartridge is the piece that the stylus plugs into underneath the metal case (called a headshell). The stylus and the cartridge work together to actually read the sound coming out of a vinyl record. Remove the old stylus by sliding it out carefully. Unplug the record player and hold the arm still by pinching the headshell with your nondominant hand. Then, use your dominant hand to grip the plastic or metal case surrounding the stylus. Pinch the sides and pull the old stylus out. Slide the stylus away from the cartridge while keeping it parallel to the tone arm to avoid damaging the cartridge. Some turntables are different, but this will work on the vast majority of models. If you can't pull the stylus straight out, look up your turntable's model online to find the instruction manual. If the stylus is built into the cartridge, you'll need to replace the entire cartridge. Some styluses are built into the frame of the piece that connects to the headshell. If your turntable has any locking mechanism or latch near the counter-weight at the end of the tone arm, use it to lock the tone arm in place while doing this. Look up your stylus’s model number to order a replacement. Turn the stylus around in your hand to look for letters or numbers. If you find any, this is the model number. Type the model number into a search engine online followed by the word “stylus.” Compare your stylus to the model that you find online to make sure that they're identical. Purchase a replacement from the manufacturer or a third-party retailer. You can take the stylus to a record repair shop and ask them to look up and order a replacement for you, but you may not have one of these shops near you. The model number will be the only piece of writing on the stylus. The model numbers are usually a short combination of letters and numbers, like “A805” or “MT49.” If your stylus doesn't have a model number printed on it, you'll need to search for your turntable's model online. Order a different type of stylus if you want to upgrade your sound. Instead of ordering a replacement stylus, look online to find compatible styluses for your turntable. There are 4 main stylus models, and each has their own benefits and drawbacks. Check a stylus manufacturer's website to find out if a new stylus will fit on your brand of turntable. Keep in mind, unless you have a great ear, you may not recognize much of a difference between your stock stylus and the new needle. Slide the new stylus into the cartridge with the needle pointing down. Brace your record player's tone arm with your nondominant hand by holding the headshell still. Then, orient your stylus so that the needle is pointing down and away from the tone arm. Slide the stylus into the cartridge and press it into the slot until you hear a click. Once the new stylus is attached, you're ready to enjoy your records! Wear rubber gloves when you handle your new stylus and avoid touching the needle. The stylus is perfectly aligned when it comes out of the box and touching it may damage the needle's ability to accurately track the grooves in a record. Some styluses won't make a clicking noise. So long as the stylus is attached and flush with the slot on the cartridge, you should be fine. Replace your cartridge if your old piece is damaged. Cartridges typically last a longer time than styluses, and you really don't need to replace a cartridge unless it's damaged. However, after the stylus, the cartridge is the most likely piece to require replacement. The cartridge and stylus work together to produce sound from your records so it is extremely important that your cartridge is working properly. You can tell if your cartridge is damaged if the sound cuts in and out. It definitely needs to be replaced if you already changed the stylus and the sound is still distorted. Many audiophiles believe that upgrading the cartridge improves the sound. You probably won't notice much of a difference though, unless you have a great ear for subtle tones and textures. Purchase a replacement cartridge online by searching for your turntable. While most cartridges can only hold a specific type of stylus, many record players can use a variety of cartridges. Search your turntable's brand and model number online to look for a replacement. You can buy a cartridge that is identical to the original model or upgrade your audio system with a fancier substitute. When looking to upgrade your cartridge, look for cartridges with an aluminum cantilever and a trackability of 60 µm or higher. Aluminum cantilevers tend to be the most consistent, while a high trackability will ensure accurate sound. Remove the stylus and disconnect the wires if necessary. Unplug your record player. Take the stylus out of the cartridge by bracing the headshell and sliding it out by hand. If you have a higher-end record player and can see wires under the headshell, use a pair of needle-nose pliers to gently pull each of the 4 wires out of the back of the cartridge. Only use as much pressure as necessary to slide each wire out of the slot that connects the cartridge to the tone arm. There is a plastic sleeve that covers the connection where the wire meets the metal terminal at the end. Use this piece to grip and pull your wires. It will provide a lot of traction without messing with the sensitive terminals at the end of each wire. Set your stylus aside after removing it by placing it upside down on a clean towel to keep it safe. You can put on rubber gloves and pull these wires out by hand if you have a steady hand and plenty of room to work with. If you bend the terminals that plug into the cartridge, you'll need to take your record player to an electronics repair store. Use a small flathead screwdriver to remove the screws on top. There are 2 screws connecting the cartridge to the headshell. Grab a flathead screwdriver with a small head. Hold the tone arm in place with your nondominant hand and unscrew these screws by turning them counterclockwise. With the screws removed, slide the cartridge out of the slot by hand. If you have washers and nuts on the screws, set them aside in a small bowl so that you don't lose them. Hold your new cartridge’s screw slots under the headshell if it’s screwed in. Take your new cartridge and hold it by the back half as you press it into the bottom of the headshell. Adjust the location of the cartridge until the openings at the top of the headshell align with the screw slots for your new cartridge. You won't damage your cartridge by touching it so long as you don't press on the location where the stylus slides into the front. Hold your cartridge by the back end to avoid damaging this area. Align your cartridge so that the sides are flush with the headshell. Before you screw your new cartridge into the headshell, adjust the location of the cartridge to align the needle with the tone arm. To do this, place your fingers around the sides of the cartridge while bracing it from the bottom. Once the sides of your cartridge are flush with the headshell, check the front of the cartridge to see if it matches the top of the headshell. Adjust it as needed until the 2 sides and the front of your cartridge match the headshell. You can use an alignment protractor to check the path of your stylus. To use one, place your grid over the slot on the platform for your records. Then, place the needle in the middle of the grid. If your cartridge is parallel with the lines on the protractor, your stylus is aligned. Insert your new screws and attach the cartridge to the headshell. Insert your replacement screws into the openings at the top of the headshell. If your model has washers and nuts, put the washers over the screws first before adding your nuts. Use your flathead screwdriver to tighten each of the screws while holding the cartridge in place with your nondominant hand. Turn the screws clockwise until they won't turn any further to ensure that your cartridge stays firmly in place while you're using your record player. These screws are really small and the slots for them can be quite fickle. This may take you a few tries to get it right. If there isn't a ton of room for you to reinsert your wires, it may help to not tighten the screws all the way so that you can move the cartridge around a little. Reinsert the wires into the corresponding slots on the cartridge. Gripping each piece by the plastic sleeve, use your pliers to carefully slide each wire into the assigned slots on the cartridge. Keep each terminal on the end of each wire as straight as you can as you slide it into the slot. These wires can be quite sensitive, so work slowly and carefully to ensure that you aren't applying too much pressure. If the new cartridge isn't color-coded or labelled, use your diagram or refer to the old cartridge to see which order you need to insert the wires. Reattach your stylus to finish replacing the cartridge. With your wires connected and the screws tightened, reinstall your stylus. Hold it around the side of the case and slide it into the opening at the front of the cartridge. Once you hear a click, your stylus is attached. Enjoy your new cartridge and stylus! Many cartridges come with new styluses already installed. If your cartridge comes with a stylus, don't bother replacing it unless you have to. 
Find a nice quiet spot to study. Make sure it's not comfortable (like on your bed or sprawling out on the couch) because you will risk falling asleep. Find or create a well-lit area. When it's too dark around you, your body thinks, "Hey! It's time to hit the hay!" Fool it by turning on plenty of lights, simulating daytime. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/a7\/De-Stress-at-Work-Step-07.jpg\/v4-460px-De-Stress-at-Work-Step-07.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/a\/a7\/De-Stress-at-Work-Step-07.jpg\/aid529765-v4-728px-De-Stress-at-Work-Step-07.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Remove yourself from all distractions. That means putting your phone away. You may have spent the entire semester texting during lectures, and this may be your punishment. Turn it off. While you're at it, stay away from the iPad and laptop, too (unless you have study material on your computer) -- Facebook, fantasy baseball, and Pinterest do not exist in your book right now. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/49\/Cram-the-Night-Before-a-Test-Step-01Bullet02.jpg\/v4-460px-Cram-the-Night-Before-a-Test-Step-01Bullet02.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/4\/49\/Cram-the-Night-Before-a-Test-Step-01Bullet02.jpg\/aid529765-v4-728px-Cram-the-Night-Before-a-Test-Step-01Bullet02.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Eat something healthy. You may think 16 cans of cold Red Bull and five Snickers bars are the best way to go, but, sadly, they're not. Hyping yourself up on caffeine may keep you awake initially, but you'll just end up crashing harder later -- when it's actually test time. Go for fruits. An apple does a better job at keeping you focused and awake than caffeine. It's higher in natural sugars and it is nutritious. Nutrition should be thought of as energy in this circumstance. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/71\/Deal-With-a-Mean-Teacher-Step-11-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Deal-With-a-Mean-Teacher-Step-11-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/7\/71\/Deal-With-a-Mean-Teacher-Step-11-Version-2.jpg\/aid529765-v4-728px-Deal-With-a-Mean-Teacher-Step-11-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":"728","bigHeight":"546","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} If you're full, you won't be thinking about food, another reason you'll be able to stay focused. Set your alarm. Alright, so, worse comes to worst: You wake up in a pile of apple cores with ink emblazoned onto your cheek because you fell asleep on your chemistry notes. But you remembered to set your alarm, so you're not going to miss the test! So do it now, before you accidentally fall asleep. You may be grateful that you did. Stay calm. This part may be hard but just take a deep breath and try to gather your thoughts! Remember where you left all those textbooks and gather together some spare pieces of paper and pens. Highlighters and flashcards are also a good idea. If you still have your syllabus, great. Use it as an outline. The topics that pop up more than once are likely to be on the test. Start at the beginning; don't focus on the little details! Concentrate on the bigger picture -- highlight the important facts that you think could be on the test. Also remember to look closely at the vocabulary! It will obviously help your understanding if you know what a word means. Read the chapter summaries (they usually do a good job at summarizing the important points). If there are no chapter summaries, then skim through the text and write down key ideas. Prioritize. This is the most important part of cramming. You have a very limited amount of time -- you must use it as efficiently as possible. Get down to the nitty-gritty and only study what you think is worthy of being on the test. Focus on the main ideas and learn key formulas. Skip the details for now and only come back to them if you see that you have time after you have learned the key points. Don't attempt to learn everything; focus on things that will get you the most points on the exam. If your professor said the essay will be 75% of your grade, you're best off preparing for that and skipping the multiple choice. Write out important info or recite small bits out loud. This will help your brain process the material better. If you just skim your textbooks or notes you probably won't remember anything! If you're lucky enough to have an insomniac for a roommate, grab them. Ask them to listen to you spout off about certain concepts. Relaying information to another individual is a surefire way to guarantee you understand the ins and outs of the ideas. Make flash cards. This is a good way to quiz yourself and it also helps you process the information when you write out the flashcards and read them out loud! Use different colors for different topics or chapters. Look for parallels, metaphors, and other memory-triggers to help you wrap your brain around complicated concepts. Write the keywords of your metaphor down to jog your memory while studying. Write the information down in mnemonic devices. Dumb Kids Playing Catch On Freeway Get Squashed -- Domain, Kingdom, Phylum, Class, Order, Family, Genus, Species (for a happy example). Take breaks. It may seem counter-intuitive, but your brain will be able to process more information if you're not so hard on it. Study in bursts -- cramming like the Energizer bunny is inefficient and saturates your mind, preventing it from taking in more. Though you're studying a bit less, you'll be retaining more. After 45 minutes or so, get up. Stretch your body and walk around. Grab a drink, get a snack, and hop back to it in 5 to 10 minutes. You should feel a bit more refreshed and ready for action. Go to bed. If you stay up all night you will be so tired in the morning chances are you won't remember anything! Get up in the morning about 30-45 minutes earlier and familiarize yourself with the highlighted parts of your notes and textbooks. If you made flashcards, go through them again. Try to get in at least 3 hours; that's one full sleep cycle. Waking up in the middle of one less than well-rested will be detrimental to your test score. Eat breakfast. You've heard from everybody that a nutritious meal before an exam will help you use your brain better. Stick to a fairly normal breakfast (you don't want to get sick) and don't load up on anything too heavy if you have anxiety. Think about this: The more food you eat before your exam, the less you will be thinking about how hungry you are, so help yourself by just eating something before your exam so you can stay at least somewhat focused. Take a deep breath. Go through the information a couple of times on your way to school. Chances are if you paid attention in class and got in some good studying the night before you should be fine. Grab a friend to quiz in class. There's 5 minutes before the teacher walks in, so utilize them! Take turns asking each other questions. Start with the points you are foggiest on -- that way they'll be fresh in your memory. Don't do this while you're taking the test -- getting caught cheating will result in a much worse score than you were going to get if you hadn't. 
Learn how electricity works.The first step in preventing a dangerous situation is to understand the cause of electric shock. Read books, articles, websites and blogs about electricity and safety measures to take when working with electricity. In basic terms, electricity naturally tries to flow to the earth or ground through any and all materials that will conduct an electrical current. Certain compounds, like wood and glass, are poor conductors of electricity. Other materials, like seawater and many metals, conduct very well. The human body is able to conduct a current largely due to the amount of sodium and water in the body, and an electric shock happens when electricity flows through parts of the body. This happens most often when a direct source of electricity is exposed to human contact. It may also flow into a person through another conductor, like a pool of water or a metal pole. To learn more about electricity and the cause of electric shock, read about it here or ask a trusted electrician. Know your limits. There are some simple electrical problems around the house that you can handle yourself. However, any time you are having serious or major electrical issues, you should hire a professional electrician. It may be expensive, but it is cheaper than a stint in the hospital. There are essentially two types of electricians you can hire, “master” electricians and “journeyman” electricians. Both types are usually licensed by the state - but not always. Master electricians generally own businesses and can employ other licensed electricians and helpers or apprentices, while journeyman electricians can work for a master electrician or be self-employed and hire a single helper or apprentice. The rules of what each type of electrician may do and may not do varies by state, county or locality. Find out electricity requirements. The items and appliances in your household all have their own electrical requirements. Know the specific types of circuit breakers, fuses, and even lightbulbs that are required in your home. Make sure to replace them with the right parts when needed. Using incompatible parts could cause the equipment to function improperly, create an unsafe condition that may result in fire, injury or death. Turn the electricity off. The first step that you need to take before attempting to fix any electrical problems yourself is to turn the electricity off in your home. This helps to ensure that, even if you make a mistake, you won't be electrocuted. There will be a main electrical panel somewhere in your home (usually in a basement or garage). This panel has a simple on/off switch that allows you to cut the flow of electricity to your entire house. Make sure the switch on this panel is flipped to “off” before attempting any repairs. Cover sockets and outlets. Covering outlets with wall panels is crucial for preventing accidental contact with wires, and is required by code. If you live with small children, it is also wise to use socket safety plugs to keep curious fingers safe from injury. Install GFCI breakers and outlets. GFCI, or Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter, devices are able to detect imbalances in the amount of electricity flowing through a circuit and will cut off power at the GFCI device. GFCI receptacles are required in most new construction homes in places where electric shock is most likely – near sinks, in the bathroom, over kitchen counters, in the garage, and outdoors – and can typically be installed in older homes for a low cost. Do not use GFCI for inductive or capacitive loads such as heavy-duty electrical motors or space heaters. These will trigger the GFCI and disconnect the load. Avoid common mistakes. There are a handful of common mistakes people make when attempting to make electrical fixes in their homes. You need to be aware of these mistakes and take all the necessary precautions to avoid. Some things to avoid are: Avoid touching a bare wire that may be conducting a current. Avoid overloading power strips and other receptacles with multiple plugs. Using only two plugs per outlet lessens the risk of shock and fire. Utilize three-prong plugs whenever possible. The third prong, which grounds the electrical current, should never be removed. Never assume that someone else turned off the power source. Always check for yourself! Avoid water. Store and use electric devices away from water. Water and electricity do not mix well and appliances should always be kept away from any moisture. This will prevent any accidental shocks from occurring. Never use an electrical appliance while in the bath or shower. If your toaster or another electric appliance is near your kitchen sink, never use the running water and the appliance at the same time. Keep it unplugged when not in use. Store outdoor electrical equipment in a place where it will be kept dry, like a garage shelf. If a plugged-in appliance falls into water, do not attempt to retrieve it until you turn off power to the corresponding circuit. Once the power is off, you may retrieve the device. Once it is dry, it can be evaluated by an electrician to see if it is suitable for future use. Replace worn or damaged equipment. Pay attention to the condition of your electric devices, and maintain them regularly. Some signs that indicate a need for repair are: Sparking Issuing of small shocks Frayed or damaged cords Heat from electrical outlets Recurrent short-circuiting These are only a few signs of wear and tear. If something else seems strange, contact an electrician. It's always better to be safe than sorry! Turn the power back on. Once you have made the necessary repairs and are ready to test the appliance or outlet you have fixed, turn the power switch on your main panel back to the “on” position.  You may need to reset your circuit breakers as well. To do this, flip the switch on each individual breaker to “off”, then flip it back to “on”. Consider installing safety outlets and outlet covers. Safety outlets require some force to expose the female connector; outlet covers plug into the female connector of the outlet, do not conduct electricity, and are hard to remove for most young children. Be sure that the appliance is set at the appropriate settings for the outlet you are plugging in. In a country that uses a higher voltage, there is a higher wattage, which can damage your electronics and risk electrical shock. Make sure that the appliance is set to the appropriate voltage input, and use a 100-240V to 110V or 220V transformer to avoid mistakes caused by accidentally plugging in appliances into the wrong voltage. Understand that the key difference between an adapter and a transformer is that an adapter just allows the appliance to be plugged in, but a transformer steps the voltage to the correct voltage. For chargers, an adapter is fine, but for laundry machines, kitchen appliances, hairdryers, and other appliances without a built-in transformer, use a transformer. Turn the power source off. Whenever a project involves exposure to electrical equipment or electricity, check and double-check that the power is off before beginning your work. Again, there should be a main electric panel for the entire facility. Find this panel and flip the switch to off. Wear protective gear. Rubber soled shoes and non-conductive gloves provide a barrier. Putting a rubber mat on the floor is another effective precaution. Rubber does not conduct electricity and will help you avoid getting shocked. Exercise caution when operating power tools. Make sure that all of your tools have a three-pronged plug, and inspect all equipment for signs of damage. It is also important to turn off power tools before connecting them to electricity. Always keep power tools away from water, and clear the work area of flammable gasses, vapors, and solvents when tools are in use. Double up. It is always wise to have a second person around to assist you when working with electricity. This second person can double check to ensure you have followed all necessary precautions. Also, if something does go wrong and you do get shocked, this second person can immediately get you the help you need. Make sure you communicate well with this other person. Many electrical accidents occur because of miscommunication. You need to be able to trust that when this person says the power is off, it is actually off. Even if you trust this other person with your life, it is probably a good idea to double check and make sure the power is off for yourself. Never assume anything when dealing with electricity. Call a professional for big jobs. Working with electricity is inherently dangerous and complicated. If you are not completely confident in your skills, bring in a trusted electrician to complete the job. Check the weather report. It may sound obvious, but making sure you have a clear forecast for your outdoor adventure is crucial to avoid getting caught in an electrical storm. Even if you're just gone for an afternoon, weather can change quickly and the best prevention is preparedness. Know the chance of a thunderstorm in the outdoor area you plan to visit, and plan to head in long before the lightning is due to start. Watch for signs of a coming storm. Pay attention to changes in temperature, increases in wind, or darkening of the sky. Listen for thunder. If it looks like a storm is rolling in, stop what you are doing and take shelter immediately. Find shelter. If you are outside and a storm approaches, quickly heading indoors is the only real way to be protected from lightning. Look for a completely enclosed shelter with its own electricity and plumbing, like a house or business. If that option is not available, hiding out in a car with the doors closed and windows up is also a safe bet. Covered picnic areas, stand-alone restroom facilities, tents, and other small structures will not keep you safe. No reliable shelter in sight? Reduce your risk with these preventive guidelines: Stay low Avoid open areas Avoid metal and water Wait it out. Whether indoors or out, do not leave your chosen safety area for at least half an hour after the last clap of thunder is heard. If you have any doubts about whether or not the storm has passed, stay inside. Keep a fire extinguisher handy. Keep a fire extinguisher ready to go in areas where you work with electrical equipment. Fire extinguishers for use on electrical fires will have a "C," "BC," or "ABC" on the label. Prepare for the worst. No matter how many precautions are in place, electric shock is always a risk when electricity is in use. If shock occurs, it is important to be prepared in order to handle the situation safely. Call for help. In the case of an electric emergency, always  call the Emergency Services. It is unwise to try to treat the victim yourself when an electrical shock has occurred. Do not touch a victim of shock with bare hands. Shock victims usually don't hold the electricity in their bodies for very long. However, you must always use caution, as the victim could potentially still be conducting electricity. Use a non-conductive barrier, like rubber gloves, if at all possible, to touch or move the victim. Turn off the power source, if possible. If you can do so without being shocked yourself, turn off the power. If this is not possible, move the victim away from the source with a non-conductive material, like a piece of wood. You should only try to move an electrical shock victim if the person is in immediate danger. Check for vitals. Once you are certain the victim is no longer conducting electricity, check to see if the person is breathing. If the victim is not breathing, begin CPR immediately while someone else alerts emergency medical services. OSHA's safety rules for working around electricity state that you have about 4 minutes to get help for an electric shock victim, so move quickly. Wait for medical help to arrive. Stay calm and keep the victim lying horizontally, with his legs slightly elevated until medical help can arrive. Once help arrives, stay out of the paramedics' way. If the paramedics ask for any assistance, follow their instructions. 
Open a Web browser on your computer.  Search for a TV network or station website. Many local stations, as well as some major networks and cable channels, stream the latest episodes of their popular shows for free on their websites and some providers stream their live broadcasts in some areas. Some of the major networks that provide streaming content include: ABC: http://abc.go.com/watch-live NBC: https://www.nbc.com/video CBS: http://www.cbs.com/watch/ FOX: http://www.fox.com/full-episodes Locate a link to watch TV. Not all networks or stations will have this option. If a site doesn't have offer online programming, check other sites, such as network affiliates in different markets. Click the link.  Watch TV.  Go to a subscription service site in your browser. If you are a cable or satellite subscriber, you can watch many cable networks by signing in to a network's site with your subscription information. Select the services and plans that best suit your needs.  Watch live TV. You can watch live TV on your computer with a subscription to Sling TV or Hulu's Live TV beta program, and now YouTube has launched YouTube TV in select cities offering streaming live TV for a flat monthly rate. You do not need a cable or satellite TV subscription to use Sling TV or Hulu, both of which have more than 50 available channels. Hulu's live TV service is limited to certain devices, including Chromecast and Apple TV (4th Generation). Watch recent TV shows. Hulu allows you to watch programming from major broadcast and cable networks. In many cases, new shows become available the day after they air. Most Hulu shows still have commercial breaks, but you can pay more for a premium no-commercials subscription. HBO Now is HBO's standalone subscription service, through which you can watch new and archived HBO series, such as "Game of Thrones." New episodes are available online within hours of their original air time. Unlike the cable-affiliated service, HBO Go, HBO Now does not require a cable or satellite TV subscription. Watch entire seasons of TV series. Entire seasons of many television series are available from both Hulu and HBO, as well as: Netflix, which releases its original programming, like "House of Cards" and "Orange is the New Black," by the season rather than by the episode. Netflix also has entire archived seasons of many popular TV series from several networks. Amazon Prime also offers a large number of archived series, as well as its own original programming, such as "Transparent" and "The Man in the High Castle." Purchase an external TV tuner. A TV tuner allows you to connect your antenna or cable box to your computer, and then use your computer to watch and change channels using onscreen controls. TV tuners for computers are available from most major electronics retailers or through online outlets such as Amazon and Newegg. Many TV tuners allow you to also record footage and save it to watch later, much like a DVR. Connect the tuner to a USB port. Slide the tuner directly into a USB port on your computer, or a USB extension cable if the ports are too close together to accommodate the tuner. Avoid using a USB hub, as they usually don't draw enough power. You can also install a TV tuner card into a spare PCI slot on your computer, though this is fairly difficult compared to plugging in a USB tuner. See this guide for details on installing PCI cards. An external USB TV tuner is much simpler to install than a TV tuner card, and is just as powerful. Connect your antenna or cable box. Some tuners come with a built-in antenna. Otherwise, use the coaxial connector to attach a cable from your antenna or cable box to your TV. If you wish to keep your cable box connected to your TV, but also want to connect it to your computer, you will need a coaxial cable splitter. Install the tuner software. You may need to install software that came packaged with the tuner. Follow the instructions that came with the tuner to do so. Windows Media Center supports TV tuners. Scan for channels. Start the TV tuner software and follow the instructions to scan for available channels. If you are using an antenna, the channels you receive will depend on signal strength and the power of your antenna. Watch TV.  
Position yourself in front of a mirror. Stand facing the mirror with your feet about shoulder-width apart and your back erect. Keep your arms at your sides. Relax your abdominal muscles and let your pelvis naturally stick out a bit. You should feel loose and comfortable. Since you're doing a belly roll, you'll need to be able to see your belly. Wear a midriff-bearing shirt or just a bra, and comfortable yoga pants, a skirt or shorts that sit below your belly button. Find your two sets of abdominal muscles. Your abdomen is divided into two different sets of muscles: upper abdominal muscles and lower abdominal muscles. Place one hand across your upper abdominal muscles, just below your ribs. Place your other hand over your lower abdominal muscles, just below your belly button. Learning to isolate the two sets is the key to performing a belly roll. Keep your hips and spine still. A belly roll engages just your abdominal muscles, and the rest of your body should stay still. Don't be tempted to move your hips forward or from side to side; stand completely still and focus on moving those muscles and nothing else. If you have trouble isolating your abdominal muscles without moving your hips and spine, practice your belly exercise while seated on the floor, lying flat on your back or perched on the edge of the chair. Lean back in the chair and rest on your hands, both legs extended straight in front of you. Hold your torso in a straight line as you practice. Suck in your upper abdominal muscles. Let your lower belly pooch out while your upper belly pulls in toward your spine. Hold the position for a moment to get used to the feeling of sucking in your upper abdominal muscles while your lower abdominal muscles push out. This is an essential movement in a belly roll. Practice flexing and unflexing your upper abdominal muscles. Pull them in, then push them out. Keep doing so until you can easily locate and engage them. It might help to keep your hand on your abdomen above your belly button so you can feel your muscles tighten and loosen. After trying this for a while, practice without using your hand. Suck in your lower abdominal muscles. Pull your lower belly in toward your spine while pushing out your upper abdominal muscles. This movement is trickier than its reverse, so it's going to take some practice. Imagine pulling your belly button in while the muscles just above stick out. Practice flexing and unflexing your lower abdominal muscles. Pull them in, then push them out. Keep doing so until you can easily locate and engage them. Keep your hand on your abdomen above your belly button so you can feel them tighten and loosen. After a while, do it without using your hand. Flex your upper and lower abdominal muscles in rotation. First suck in your upper abdominal muscles, then suck in your lower abdominal muscles. Go back and forth between them, making sure the muscle that isn't being sucked in is pushed out. By rotating between the upper and lower muscles, you'll give the appearance that your stomach is undulating. Once you get the hang of it, you're ready to perform a belly roll. If you have trouble flexing your upper and lower abdominal muscles in isolation, doing ab exercises can help. Try crunches , sit ups , and other belly workouts to gain greater control over your abdominal muscles. Do a top-to-bottom belly roll. This is the basic belly roll that every dancer knows. It goes like this: push your upper abs out, your lower abs out, your upper abs in, and your lower abs in. Practice these motions until you can do them smoothly. Look in the mirror to see whether your belly looks like it's starting to roll. If you can't tell, try to make your flexes more pronounced and stick out the muscles that aren't being engaged. When you suck in your upper abdominal muscles, really push out your lower belly, and vice versa. Do a bottom-to-top belly roll. To do a bottom-to-top belly roll suck your entire abdomen in, then push out with your lower abdominal muscles first. Push out with your upper abs. Suck in your lower abs, and finally suck in your upper abs, too. Repeat. Practice both this and the top-to-bottom roll; you might find that moving in one direction or the other comes more naturally to you. Start rolling faster. Try to speed up your flexing and unflexing so that as soon as you finish flexing your upper abdominal muscles, you move to the lower. Go back and forth quickly with no interruption. Keep gaining speed until you're rolling as fast as you can. Slow down, then speed back up. This will help you gain greater control over your muscles. Find your rhythm. Like any dance movement, the belly roll requires a good sense of rhythm. Move back and forth between your upper and lower abdominal muscles with a particular pattern, rather than jerking back and forth. Watch your belly in the mirror and try to create a smooth, elegant roll with your muscles. It helps to move to music. Turn on some music with a good, steady beat and practice rolling your belly with it, just as you'd tap your foot or clap your hands.  Learn to belly dance.The belly roll is just one movement in belly dancing. A belly dance includes elegant arm and leg movements as well. Throughout the dance, the spine is held erect and the hips still while the belly undulates. If you enjoy belly rolling, consider taking the next step to learn how to do a complete dance. 
Sweep the steps. Use a broom to sweep away dirt and debris from the concrete steps. Sweep the steps until they are completely free of dirt and debris. This will prep the concrete for the cleaning process. Alternatively, you can use a leaf blower to remove dirt and debris from the steps. Mix one part hot water to two parts dish soap. Use liquid dish soap. Mix the ingredients together in a plastic bucket until they are well-combined. To make the solution more potent, mix in one part vinegar. The temperature of the water should be at least 105 degrees Fahrenheit (40.5 degrees Celsius). Pour the solution over the stains. Make sure each stain is completely covered with the solution. Then let the solution set for 10 to 15 minutes. While the solution is setting, make sure it does not dry. If it begins to dry, then just pour more solution onto the stain. If the stain is a stubborn or old stain, then you may need to let the solution set for 30 minutes. Scrub the stain with a stiff bristle brush. Do not use a metal scrub brush; these may scratch your concrete. Scrub the stains until they are completely removed. If the stains remain, then sprinkle them with a powdered laundry detergent. Let the detergent set for 10 to 15 minutes. After the allotted time, pour hot water onto the stains and scrub them with your stiff bristle brush until they are completely gone. Rinse with hot water. Rinse the steps with the hot water until all of the soap residue and debris are completely gone.You may need to rinse your steps two to three times. The temperature of the water should be at least 105 degrees Fahrenheit (40.5 degrees Celsius). Remove debris from the steps. Sweep or blow away all the dirt and debris from the concrete steps. Also, make sure to cover up any nearby plants with a plastic covering like a tarp or trash bags. Remove toys, decorations, and nearby furniture as well. Mix one part hot water to one part oxygenated bleach. Mix them together in a plastic bucket until they are well-combined. The temperature of the water should be at least 105 degrees Fahrenheit (40.5 degrees Celsius). Alternatively, you can use a specially formulated concrete cleaner instead of the oxygenated bleach and water. You can find these at your local hardware store. Spray the steps with the solution. Fill a tank sprayer with the solution. Working from the top down, use the tank to spray the steps with the solution, focusing on the stained areas. Once you have covered the whole area, let the solution set for 20 to 30 minutes. Make sure the concrete steps are soaking wet to prevent the solution from drying up while it is setting. If the solution starts to dry, then just spray more solution onto the steps. You can purchase or rent a tank sprayer from your local hardware store. Scrub the steps with a long handled brush. You can also use a push broom to do this. Working from the top down, scrub the steps until the dirt and grime are completely removed. Use a smaller scrub brush to clean small crevices and corners. Make sure to clean the steps evenly to avoid a patchy look. Rinse the steps with hot water. Fill a gallon bucket with clean, hot water. From the top of the stairs, pour the water down the steps to rinse them clean. Rinse the steps until all of the soap residue, dirt, and grime are removed. If the concrete steps are still dirty, then repeat steps one through five, or use a different method. Rent a pressure washer. You can rent a pressure washer from your local hardware store. Rent a pressure washer with a flow rate of at least 4 gpm (gallons per minute) and a PSI of at least 3,000. Clear debris away from the steps. Remove dirt, leaves, twigs, and other debris from your steps using a broom or an electric blower. Also make sure to remove nearby plants, toys, furniture, and decorations. Make sure to cover any nearby plants that cannot be removed with a tarp or trash bags. Pre-treat the steps. Fill a plastic bucket with one part hot water to two parts liquid dish soap. Mix the ingredients together until they are well-combined. Then scrub the treatment into the concrete using a push broom or a stiff bristle brush. Let the solution set for 15 to 20 minutes. Alternatively, you can pretreat the steps with a specially formulated concrete cleaner. Wash the steps. Hook the pressure washer up per the directions on the instruction manual. Use the high-pressure nozzle and rinse mode to clean the steps. With the nozzle facing the concrete, press the trigger. Starting from the top of the steps, begin to clean them in a back and forth sweeping motion. Wash the steps until all of the soap, dirt, and grime are removed. To ensure your safety, wear close-toed shoes, clothing that can get wet, and safety goggles. Let the steps air dry. Do this once the steps are completely clean. If you are going to apply a sealant, make sure the concrete is completely dry before doing so. It may take one to two days for the concrete to dry completely. 
Walk to release oxytocin and stimulate labor. Being active may release oxytocin, which may help you dilate faster by starting contractions. Go for a slow walk around your neighborhood, or climb the stairs in your home. Ask someone to go with you so that you're not alone in case you need help. If your water breaks, stop walking and contact your doctor or midwife. Have sex to stimulate your uterus and induce labor. Both an orgasm and the prostaglandins in semen naturally stimulate your uterus and thin your cervix, which helps it dilate. Additionally, your brain releases the hormone oxytocin during sex, which also helps start contractions. Try having sex to help you dilate faster if it's something you'll enjoy. Don't have sex if your water has broken because the baby is no longer protected by amniotic fluid. Try stimulating your nipples to release oxytocin. Gently rub the pad of your finger over your nipple or roll the nipple under your finger. You should feel a tingling sensation, which means your nipples are stimulated. When this happens, your brain will release oxytocin to help start your contractions. Stimulating your nipples releases a low amount of oxytocin that is safe for your baby. This technique may not work for everyone, but it won't hurt to try. Use visualization and deep breathing to relax. Feeling tense makes it difficult for your body to start contractions, which slows dilation of your cervix. Fortunately, relaxing may enable your body to begin contractions. Visualize by imagining yourself in a relaxing location or picturing yourself having a healthy baby. Additionally, take deep breaths while counting to 5 and exhale to a 5 count, then repeat 5 times. You might also try listening to calming music, taking a warm shower, or reading a book. Eat pineapple to ripen your cervix and help it dilate faster. There's no guarantee that pineapple will help your cervix dilate faster, but it may help open your cervix faster. Since pineapple contains prostaglandins, it might help your cervix ripen sooner so that you'll dilate faster. Consume.5 cups (113 g) of pineapple daily until you go into labor. Ask your doctor or midwife about taking evening primrose oil. Check with your doctor or midwife to make sure it's safe for you to use evening primrose oil. Take a 500 mg supplement orally or vaginally 3 times a day for the final 4 weeks of pregnancy. It may soften your cervix and thin it out so it's easier for it to dilate faster. You may be able to take up to 3 pills at a time. Ask your doctor or midwife what's best for you. Ask your doctor about taking prostaglandins to ripen your cervix faster. The doctor will insert a prostaglandin like misoprostol (Cytotec) or dinoprostone (Cervidil) into your vagina and position it near your cervix. This will soften and thin out your cervix, which helps it dilate faster. These medications work for 4-12 hours and cause contractions that soften and thin out your cervix. You may need multiple doses to dilate your cervix enough for labor to start. Talk to your doctor to find out if this is an option for you. While this treatment is pretty effective, it doesn't work for everyone. However, prostaglandins are preferable to oxytocin since they may reduce the need for a cesarean delivery. You likely won't be able to use ripening agents if you're already having contractions. If your cervix doesn't start to dilate after a few hours, your doctor may send you home. It can take anywhere from hours to days for your cervix to ripen, depending on how soft and thin it was before your doctor administered the prostaglandins. You'll know the medicine is working when you start to feel contractions. Consider getting an oxytocin IV to start contractions and dilate faster. Your doctor can give you oxytocin intravenously to increase contractions and kickstart labor. Contractions make your cervix dilate, so this can help you dilate faster. Discuss this option with your doctor to find out if it's right for you. Oxytocin is used to induce labor when you're past your due date or your doctor thinks it's best for you and your baby. Your doctor likely won't administer oxytocin unless you're already overdue, your water has broken, or you have a condition like high blood pressure or diabetes. Discuss a saline-filled cervical balloon with your doctor. Your doctor can insert a flexible catheter into your vagina to inflate a balloon with saline. The balloon will apply direct pressure to your lower uterine region and this may help to dilate your cervix. You can keep the balloon in your vagina for up to 12 hours or until it naturally falls out on its own. This may help dilate your cervix faster so that labor can progress. However, it may not work for everyone. The great thing about cervical balloons is that they're considered a non-medical option. If you've had a prior cesarean birth, a cervical balloon may be your best option. 
Start with slightly damp, but not wet, hair. This is important; if your hair is too wet, it won't dry all the way overnight. You can dampen your hair by lightly misting it with some water. You can also add a little bit of hair product, such as mousse, light gel, or styling cream. This will help the wave hold better. Make sure that your hair is tangle-free and parted how you want it to be. Once you have the headband on, you won't be able to part your hair. It won't be a good idea to part your hair after you get the waves in. Doing so might disrupt the wave pattern. Place a thin, stretchy headband over your hair and around your head. The headband should be no more than an inch (2.54 centimeters) thick. If you have one of those really wide headbands, then try folding it over inward. You can also make your own by wrapping a piece of elastic around your head and knotting it. Gather a small section of hair from the front of your head. The section should be no more than a few fingers wide. Twist the section away from your face, then tuck it under the headband. Pull the section up, over, and through the headband. Gently slide it back towards your face to make room for more sections. Pick the section up again and gather some more hair. You will be adding hair to the section after each time you wrap it around the headband. Gather your sections and incorporate them in the same way you would when French braiding your hair. Wrap the now-thicker section once around the headband. Be sure to tuck it under the headband. Also, try to keep the hair fairly loose as you wrap it. If you wrap the hair too tightly, it will end up being curly instead of wavy. Keep going until you reach the back of your head. Continue to gather and wrap sections of hair around the headband until you reach the back of your head. You'll stop halfway around your head. You should have half of your hair wrapped at this point. Repeat the process on the other side of your head. Repeat the gathering and wrapping process for the other side of your head, and stop when you reach the back of your head. You will likely have a long tail left over. That is okay. You will tuck it in during the next step. Twist the remaining hair into a rope. Reach around to the back of your head and find the extra hair strands that you didn't tuck in. Twirl them into a rope. If you have enough room in your headband, you can try wrapping that rope around the headband. If you do not have enough room, roll the rope into a bun, then secure it to the back of your head with bobby pins. You should also tuck or pin any flyaway strands or loose strands the managed to escape the wrapping process. Adjust the headband if necessary. If the headband is tight, it may leave an imprint on your forehead the next day. To prevent this from happening, simply slide the headband up on your forehead until it reaches your hairline. Remove the headband in the morning and style your hair. Start by pulling out any bobby pins. Gently slide the headband up and out of your hair. If it does not come off easily, you may have to unwind the strands of hair from around it. Do not pull too hard, however; if you do, you may end up stretching the waves out. Once you have the headband and bobby pins out, you can comb your fingers through your hair to soften the waves. For extra hold to make your style last longer, set your waves with some hairspray or styling cream. Find a sock you don't care about. Choose a sock that still has plenty of elasticity or "stretch" to it. If you choose an old sock that is too loose, the ring might not hold later on. Make sure that the sock is clean, but not one that you will wear again. You will be cutting this sock. Cut the toes off the sock using a pair of scissors. You will end up with a tube that has an opening at both ends. Roll the sock into a ring. Take the cut part of the sock, and fold the first inch (2.54 centimeters) or so inward. Keep rolling and the sock like this until you get to the other end. You should end up with a sock doughnut. Pull your hair up into a high ponytail. Try to make the ponytail right on top of your head. Secure it with a hair tie. If you need help getting your ponytail so high bend forward so that the top of your head is pointing towards the ground. Your hair will be hanging straight down. Pull your hair together and wrap a hair tie around it. Straighten yourself back up. Spray your ponytail with just enough water to make it slightly damp. Try not to make your hair too wet, or it will not be able to dry overnight. You do not need to spray the hair on the top of your head. Try adding a little bit of mousse, light gel, or styling cream into your hair. It may help the wave last longer the next day. Slip the ponytail through the sock ring. Pull the sock ring up to the top of your ponytail, leaving just a little room between the sock ring and your head. You need this extra space so that you can feed the ends of your hair through the ring in a later step. Tuck the hair around the sock evenly. Spread the hair coming out through the top of the sock ring all the way around the ring, making it look like the petals of a flower. Bring sections of your hair over the sock ring before tucking them securely under the sock. Make sure that the hair is spread out evenly so that the waves will be even later on. All the ends need to be tucked under the sock before you can press on. If your hair is very long, you may need to slide the sock up your ponytail some so that you can comfortably fold the ends into the sock. Roll the hair onto the sock. Hold the sock with two hands, and roll it in a downward motion. As you roll, your hair will feed through the hole, upward, and around the sock. Use your fingers to help guide the hairs around the sock. Continue until you reach the base of your ponytail. Roll your hair around the sock until you reach the base of your ponytail, directly next to your head. As you roll, keep your ponytail straight up so that the hair remains taut. You should not need to pin the bun in place. It will usually be secure enough on its own thanks to the elasticity of the sock. Consider slipping another sock or bun wrap over your sock bun. This will keep the hair in place while you sleep. If you use another sock, make sure that you slide it all the way onto the bun, so that the sock doesn't flop around. Remove the sock bun in the morning and style your hair. Carefully unroll your hair the next morning and take out the sock ring. Make sure that you don't pull too hard, or you may stretch out the waves. Pull out the hair tie and let your hair fall down naturally. If your hair is not quite the way you want it, you can work with it to try to increase the wave. You can add more styling products, such as mousse, gel, or styling cream, and then scrunch. This may add more waves. If your waves are too tight, try running your fingers through them, or brushing them gently. This will help soften the wave. Add styling product to damp hair. Damp hair is easier to work with and will help your style hold longer. If your hair is dry, lightly mist your hair with some water. Try not to get it too wet, or it won't dry all the way and the waves won't stay. For better hold, apply a mousse, light gel, or styling cream. Part your hair how you normally would part it. You will end up with two sections: a left and a right. Since you will be working with one section at a time, you can keep the other one out of the way by wrapping a hair tie around it. You don't have to part your hair down the middle; you can also part it to the left or right. Take one of the sections and start twisting it away from your face. Keep twisting it until you get to the end of your hair. You will end up with a sort of rope. Secure the twisted hair to your head. Wrap a thin, elastic band around the end of the hair rope. Pull the hair rope up and around your head, like a headband. Place the end of the rope on top of your head, right above the forehead. Clip it to the rest of your hair using some bobby pins. Try making an X shape with your bobby pins; this will create the most secure hold. You can also wrap your hair into 1 or more buns at the nape of your neck. This may be easier if you have thick, heavy hair. Repeat the process for the other side. If you kept the hair out of the way with a hair tie, then remove the hair tie first. Twist your hair away from your face until you get a rope. Then, pull the rope up and over your head, and secure it to the rest of your hair with some bobby pins. Try to keep it either just in front or just behind the first rope. Add more bobby pins, if necessary. If you have thick, heavy hair, you might need more bobby pins to secure it. Secure the ropes to the sides of your head with two or three more bobby pins per side; you do not need any more pins on the top of your head. Wait until morning before unraveling your hair. Pull out the bobby pins and unravel your hair. Use your fingers to comb out the twist, and break up the waves a little. If you need to, add some hairspray or styling cream to make the waves last longer. Apply your styling product to damp hair. Make sure that your hair is not soaking wet, however, or it may not dry all the way by the next morning. Lightly coat your hair with mousse, light gel, or styling cream. This will help your waves last longer. Divide your hair into at least 3 sections, and secure each one with a hair tie. Start by pulling your hair into a half-up half-down ponytail. Wrap a hair tie around the ponytail. Next, separate the bottom part of your hair into two pigtails. Secure each one with a hair tie. You will be removing the hair ties later; they are in there to keep your hair out of the way. You can divide your hair up into more sections. For example, you can have two sections at the top, and two at the bottom. The more sections you have, the wavier and curlier your hair will be. Remove the hair tie from the top section and twist it into a rope. Keep twisting tightly until you get to the end of your hair. Roll the hair rope into a bun and pin it in place. Continue gently twisting the section of hair until you feel it begin to roll into a bun. Wind the hair around itself naturally until a small bun form. Secure it in place with bobby pins. You may also need to wrap a hair tie around it to keep it in place. Repeat with the bottom two sections. Do each section one at a time. Take the hair tie off of the left section, twirl the hair into a rope, and roll it into a bun. Secure it with bobby pins before moving onto the right section. Remove the buns in the morning. Sleep on your hair and remove the pins and hair ties in the morning. Gradually unwind and untwist your hair, brushing your fingers through the waves to create a more natural look. You can also use a little gel, mousse, or hairspray to give your waves extra hold, if needed. 
Get a lighter. You can buy these from most small stores. Take off the cover. It should snap or pull off but you can also use pliers. Adjust the wheel. Turn the adjustment wheel all the way to the plus side (usually the right). Turn it back to the left. Lift the tab up so that it isn't touching the wheel and turn the tab all the way back to the left. Set it down and repeat. You can do this several times to turn it up as much as possible. Turn it on. Be careful. You should get a 3"+ flame. You can readjust as necessary. Make the flame bigger. Take it up a notch by spraying WD-40 or engine degreaser at the flame. Hold both far from your body and away from other people and flammable objects. It will make a HUGE flame. Place rubber bands. Place two rubber bands around an aerosol can. You can use a can of Axe, hairspray, whatever. Place the bracket. Place the wall bracket (that should already be bent into a 90-degree angle) under the rubber bands so it's held onto the can somewhat securely. Get a sticky surface. Break off a bit of that plasti-tak and put it on the bottom of the candle (you can also use a lighter). Alternatively, you can use chewing gum. Attach it to the bracket. Attach the candle to the wall bracket using the plasti-tak or other sticky substance. Adjust as necessary. Line up the candle wick with the sprayer tip on the aerosol can. Light the candle. Be careful. Spray. Don't spray towards anything flammable. Be careful. Get a high quality water gun. It should be able to build and maintain pressure well, be made of high quality plastic, and hold a good amount of liquid. Get a metal bracket. You'll need a metal bracket, either flat or an L bracket depends on the gun you buy. Attach the bracket to the gun, so that the flat metal comes out parallel with the ground, about 1" below the nozzle. Wrap the gun. Wrap the gun around the nozzle with tinfoil, so that only the open is exposed (and exposed as little as possible). This will help keep the gun from melting. Fill the gun. Fill the water reservoir with lighter fluid. Attach a candle. Attach a candle to the end of the bracket. You can use tacky, gum, or anything that isn't glue. Light the candle. Light the candle using your preferred method. Shoot the gun. Don't forget to pump it first. 
Have at least one stitch done on your right needle. The left needle will have the rest of the stitches. In this tutorial, the stitch just before the yarn over will be called the "first stitch." The stitch after the yarn over will be called the "next stitch." Pay attention to your stitch pattern. When working the English style, you will need to move the yarn into the correct position. This will depend on what the first stitch was, and what the next stitch will be. If the first stitch and the next stitch are both knits, wrap the yarn under and over the needle. Bring the yarn towards you, under the right needle. Next, drape the yarn over the top of the needle, away from you. This is called a "yarn forward" or "yfwd" in knitting patterns. If the first stitch was a knit, and the next stitch is a purl, wrap the yarn around the needle, from back to front. Bring the yarn under the right needle, towards you. Drape the yarn over the top of the right needle, away from you. Next, wrap the yarn under the needle back towards you again. This is called a "yarn 'round need" or "yrn" in knitting patterns. If the first stitch was a purl, and the next stitch is a knit, bring the yarn towards the front. Simply drape the yarn over the top of the right needle as you bring it towards you. This is called a "yarn over needle" or "yon" in knitting patterns. If the previous stitch and the next stitch are both purls, wrap the yarn, over the needle from front to back. Drape the yarn over the top of the right needle, away from you. Next, wrap the yarn under the right needle, towards you. This is called a "yarn 'round need" or "yrn" in knitting patterns. Finish the next stitch. Stick the right needle through next stitch on the left needle. Wrap the yarn under and over the tip of the right needle. Use the tip of the right needle to pull the yarn back through the stitch. Keep the working yarn on the right needle, and slip the stitch off the left needle. Some patterns call for you to yarn over twice. Simply wrap the yarn around the right needle like you did previously, then complete the next stitch. Finish the row, as the pattern directs. When you do the next row, you will eventually go over the extra stitch you got from the yarn over. You will get a lace-like hole that also acts as an increase. Have at least one stitch on your right needle. The left needle should have the rest of the stitches. Unlike the English method, it does not matter what your first and second stitch will be. The working yarn automatically shifts itself into the correct position. Bring the right needle under the working yarn. If you are doing a knit stitch, the yarn will drape over the top of the needle, towards the back. If you are doing a purl stitch, the yarn will drape over the top of the needle, towards the front. Finish the next stitch. Stick the right needle through next stitch on the left needle. Wrap working yarn under and over the tip of the right needle. Use the right needle to pull the yarn back through. Keep the working yarn on the right needle, then slip the stitch off the left needle. Some patterns call for you to yarn over twice. Pick up the working yarn over your right needle again, then complete the next stitch. Finish the row according to the pattern. When you do the next row, you will eventually go over the extra stitch you got from the yarn over. This will create a lace-like hole in your project that also acts as an increase. 
Separate the top section of your hair. First, make sure that all of your hair is swept back. For this style, you do not want to have a part in your hair. Then, decide how much hair you want to leave down, and how much you want to put into the top knot. You can section off all the hair from your ears upwards, or just a little bit of hair on the top. Pick up that top layer, holding it in one hand. Add some volume to the top layer. With your free hand, use a brush or come to tease the top section. This will make sure that it isn't slicked back to your head, but has some nice volume. You can also spritz a bit of texturizing spray into the top section to add a bit of texture. This style is meant to look effortless and messy, so volume and texture are key. Tie your top section into a ponytail. Once you are satisfied with the amount of hair in your top section, tie it off with a hair tie. Some people skip this ponytail step and go straight into the topknot. If you're not a topknot pro, though, a ponytail is a helpful intermediate step. Make sure that the ponytail is held tightly to your scalp, because it will be a sturdy base for your  If you have light hair, it's smart to use clear elastics. This will ensure that your hair ties don't show through, which will distract from the style. Begin twisting your hair into the top knot. Grab your ponytail and coil it around the base of the ponytail. Remember, this look is not meant to be perfect. Don't worry if it's perfectly twisted or even ¬– just make sure that all of your hair has been coiled up around the base of the ponytail. Then, using a large hair tie, secure the entire bun. Wrap the hair tie around coiled section until it feels secure. If you have shorter hair, you may not be able to coil the ponytail very many times. That's fine! Just get whatever hair you have in a bun, and you will perfect the shape later. Adjust your top knot until you like it. You probably won't love the top knot immediately after you've coiled and secured it. Once it's secured, use your hands to play around with the bun. Pull on pieces to loosen it up, giving it a loose, messy feel. Even out the sides of the bun. Just gently mess with it until you like how it looks. Use bobby pins to perfect the top knot. Once you've played around with your bun and adjusted it to how you like it, use bobby pins to secure it in place. You want to make sure that it holds up for the whole day. Insert bobby pins on all sides of your bun, or anywhere that the hair seems a bit loose. Style the bottom section of hair. Once your bun is finished, you can tackle the bottom section of hair. You certainly don't need to use a curling iron or a straightener on the bottom section, but you can if you want. Skipping the hot tools is the easiest option, and rocking your hair au natural. The great thing about this look is that it is messy and carefree, so it doesn't require meticulously curled or straightened hair. Tease the hair left down. Use a comb or brush to tease the underside of this hair at the root. This will add volume to this section, so that it doesn't hang limply. Since you added volume and texture to the top section, you want to make sure the bottom section has it as well. Add hair spray. Once your top knot is perfected and your hair is styled, secure it in place. Spray your favorite hairspray, focusing on the actual top knot. Don't spray much on the hair left down, because you want that hair to look soft and touchable. Use a handheld mirror to double check that everything looks good from the back, and enjoy all of the compliments you're sure to get on your half up top knot! 
Pay attention to the rabbit's appetite. The rabbit's natural diet of grass and herbage is high fiber and low calorie diet. This requires the rabbit to eat for most of the day (up to 20 hours). Thus, the digestive tract is never empty but always moving food through it on a conveyor-belt type mechanism. If your rabbit is eating less often, you should be concerned about stasis. This means that you need to pay attention to how much and how often your rabbit is eating when it is healthy. Make sure your rabbit is still producing pellets. The production of pellets signals that food is making its way through your rabbit's digestive system. If for any reason the muscular contractions in the bowel stop, the gut contents stagnate and cause digestive problems. You should pay attention to how many pellets your rabbit produces in a normal day so that you will be able to tell if it is producing fewer. Be on the lookout for unusual behavior. It helps if the owner is familiar with the rabbit's character and habits, because the first sign of a problem may well be that the rabbit becomes quiet and withdrawn. The rabbit may spend more time hiding in its hutch or otherwise trying to avoid being seen. You may hear the rabbit grinding their teeth, which is a sign of pain. Feel the rabbit's belly if you suspect stasis. The rabbit's belly may become distended and hard due to gas accumulation. Feel for this hardness and notice if the rabbit is unusually uncomfortable when you attempt to feel their abdomen. Check for dehydration. The rabbit will become dehydrated if it has GI stasis. To check for this, lift the skin over the scruff of the neck and let it go. In a well-hydrated rabbit the skin snaps straight back. If dehydration is present it takes a few seconds to fall back into place. Keep a close eye on rabbits who have been frightened or shocked. The scenario of a shock or fright inducing GI stasis is an accurate one. This is because the 'fight or flight' hormones that are released when a rabbit is fearful, such as adrenaline, direct blood away from the bowel and reduce the muscular contraction. Similarly, anything that causes pain or anxiety can have a the same effect. Typical triggers include a visit to the vet (especially for surgery), a change of routine, weather extremes, the loss of a companion, or a fright or shock. Keep an eye on rabbits that have gotten into food they shouldn't eat. Some foods can make GI stasis more likely. Rabbits are not designed to eat carbohydrate rich foods, as carbohydrates inhibit the release of a hormone called motilin, which is responsible for gut motility. Thus, avoid giving a rabbit processed human food or compounded rodent foods that are high in carbohydrate. Take your rabbit to the veterinarian immediately. If you suspect your rabbit has GI stasis you have no time to waste. The risk of GI stasis is so great that any rabbit that does not eat or pass droppings for 24 hours should be assumed to have stasis and taken to a vet. This condition is a self-fulfilling prophecy because the act of not eating creates stasis, so even if it wasn't present initially, if the rabbit doesn't eat stasis develops within a day or so. Talk to the vet about the possible cause of the illness. The vet will take a history and ask questions about any recent events that may have stressed the rabbit, as this could act as a trigger. The vet then performs a physical examination of the rabbit, including checking teeth and looking for any problem which might act as a source of pain for the rabbit. Again, this could be a trigger factor. The vet will then feel the rabbit's belly, and be alert for excessive gas build up, tenderness, and any possible blockage in the bowel. The vet may also listen to the abdomen with a stethoscope. This is because GI stasis is often accompanied by a unique sound, a bit like water sloshing around in a bucket. It is caused by fluid in the gut sloshing around in the gassy environment. Ask the vet whether further testing is necessary. Given a history of appetite loss and no fecal pellets, most vets start treatment immediately. However, the vet may want to take an x-ray to check for bowel obstructions, which are usually a result of the stasis rather than the cause. If a blockage is present, the vet will attempt to treat the stasis first. The vet will then reassess the rabbit to see if surgery is necessary or if the gut has started working again. Follow your veterinarian's suggestions for treatment. The treatment involves giving the rabbit prokinetic drugs, such as metoclopramide, which stimulate the gut wall and encourage it to get moving again. It's also essential to keep food going into the gut, as the physical presence of cellulose can stimulate the gut wall. A slurry of pellets softened with water can be syringed into the rabbit's mouth regularly, to provide this stimulation. If the rabbit is dehydrated then intravenous fluids may be required, or fluids injected under the skin. Pain relief is also important, as GI stasis is a painful condition. Injectable painkillers are usually the treatment of choice. 
Understand the parts of a parabola. You may be given certain information prior to beginning, and knowing the terminology will help you avoid any unnecessary steps. Here are the parts of the parabola that you'll need to know:  The focus. A fixed point on the interior of the parabola that is used for the formal definition of the curve. The directrix. A fixed, straight line. The parabola is the locus (series) of points in which any given point is of equal distance from the focus and the directrix. (See the diagram above.) The axis of symmetry. This is a straight line that passes through the turning point ("vertex") of the parabola and is equidistant from corresponding points on the two arms of the parabola. The vertex. The point where the axis of symmetry crosses the parabola is called the vertex of the parabola. If the parabola opens upward or to the right, the vertex is a minimum point of the curve. If it opens downward or to the left, the vertex is a maximum point. Know the equation of a parabola. The general equation of a parabola is y = ax + bx + c. It can also be written in the even more general form y = a(x – h)² + k , but we will focus here on the first form of the equation. If the coefficient a in the equation is positive, the parabola opens upward (in a vertically oriented parabola), like the letter "U", and its vertex is a minimum point. If the a is negative, the parabola opens downward and has a vertex at its maximum point. If you have trouble remembering this, think of it this way: an equation with a positive a value looks like a smile; an equation with a negative a value looks like a frown. Let's say you have the following equation: y = 2x -1. This parabola will be shaped like a "U" because the a value (2) is positive. If the equation has a squared y term instead of a squared x term, the parabola will be oriented horizontally and open sideways, to the right or left, like a "C" or a backward "C." For example, the parabola y = x + 3 opens to the right, like a "C." Find the axis of symmetry. Remember that the axis of symmetry is the straight line that passes through the turning point (vertex) of the parabola. In the case of a vertical parabola (opening up or down), the axis is the same as the x coordinate of the vertex, which is the x-value of the point where the axis of symmetry crosses the parabola. To find the axis of symmetry, use this formula: x = -b/2a.  In the above example (y = 2x² -1), a = 2 and b = 0. Now you can calculate the axis of symmetry by plugging in the numbers: x = -0 / (2)(2) = 0. In this case the axis of symmetry is x = 0 (which is the y-axis of the coordinate plane). Find the vertex. Once you know the axis of symmetry, you can plug that value in for x to get the y coordinate. These two coordinates will give you the vertex of the parabola. In this case, you would plug 0 in to 2x -1 to get the y coordinate. y = 2 x 0 -1 = 0 -1 = -1. The vertex is (0,-1), and the parabola crosses the y-axis at -1.  The coordinates of the vertex are sometimes known as (h, k). In this case h is 0, and k is -1. The equation for the parabola may be written in the form y = a(x – h)² + k. In this form the vertex is the point (h, k), and you don't need to do any math to find the vertex beyond interpreting the graph correctly. Set up a table with chosen values of x. Create a table with particular values of x in the first column. This table will give you the coordinates you need to graph the equation. The middle value of x should be the axis of symmetry in the case of a "vertical" parabola. You should include at least two values above and below the middle value for x in the table for the sake of symmetry. In this example, put the value of the axis of symmetry (x = 0) in the middle of the table. Calculate the values of corresponding y-coordinates. Substitute each value of x in the equation of the parabola, and calculate the corresponding values of y. Insert these calculated values of y into the table. In this example, the values of y are calculated as follows: For x = -2, y is calculated as: y = (2) (-2) - 1 = 8 - 1 = 7 For x = -1, y is calculated as: y = (2) (-1) - 1 = 2 - 1 = 1 For x = 0, y is calculated as: y = (2) (0) - 1 = 0 - 1 = -1 For x = 1, y is calculated as: y = (2) (1) - 1 = 2 - 1 = 1 For x = 2, y is calculated as: y = (2) (2) - 1 = 8 - 1 = 7 Insert the calculated values of y into the table. Now that you've found at least five coordinate pairs for the parabola, you're almost ready to graph it. Based on your work, you now have the following points: (-2, 7), (-1, 1), (0, -1), (1, 1), (2, 7). Remember that the parabola is reflected (symmetrical) with respect to the axis of symmetry. This means that the y coordinates of points directly across the axis of symmetry from each other will be the same. The y-coordinates for the x-coordinates -2 and +2 are both 7; the y-coordinates for the x-coordinates -1 and +1 are both 1, and so on. Plot the table points on the coordinate plane. Each row of the table forms a coordinate pair (x, y) on the coordinate plane. Graph all points using the coordinates given in the table. The x-axis is horizontal; the y-axis is vertical. The positive numbers on the y-axis are above the point (0, 0), and the negative numbers on the y-axis are below the point (0, 0). The positive numbers on the x-axis are to the right of the point (0, 0), and the negative numbers on the x-axis are to the left of the point (0, 0). Connect the points. To graph the parabola, connect the points plotted in the previous step. The graph in this example will look like a U. Connect the points using slightly curved (rather than straight) lines. This will create the most accurate image of the parabola (which is at least slightly curved throughout its length). At both ends of the parabola you can draw arrows pointing away from the vertex if you like. This will indicate that the parabola continues indefinitely. Shift a parabola upward. Consider the equation y = x +1. This shifts the original parabola upward 1 unit. The vertex is now (0, 1) instead of (0, 0). It will retain the exact shape of the original parabola, but every y-coordinate will be shifted upward 1 unit. So, instead of (-1, 1) and (1, 1), we plot (-1, 2) and (1, 2). Shift a parabola downward. Take the equation y = x -1. We're shifting the original parabola downward 1 unit, so that the vertex is now (0, -1) instead of (0, 0). It will still have the same shape of the original parabola, but every y-coordinate will be shifted downward 1 unit. So, instead of (-1, 1) and (1, 1), for instance, we plot (-1, 0) and (1, 0). Shift a parabola to the left. Consider the equation y = (x + 1). This shifts the original parabola one unit to the left. The vertex is now (-1, 0) instead of (0, 0). It retains the shape of the original parabola, but every x-coordinate is shifted to the left one unit. Instead of (-1, 1) and (1, 1), for instance, we plot (-2, 1) and (0, 1). Shift a parabola to the right. Consider the equation y = (x - 1). This is the original parabola shifted one unit to the right. The vertex is now (1, 0) instead of (0, 0). It retains the shape of the original parabola, but every x-coordinate will be shifted to the right one unit. Instead of (-1, 1) and (1, 1), for instance, we plot (0, 1) and (2, 1). 
Mix the dry ingredients. Place the flours, sugar, salt, baking powder, and cinnamon into a food processor. Pulse the mixture a few times to combine all the ingredients. You can make this recipe in a bowl if you don't have a food processor. Whisk together the dry ingredients. Add the butter. Turn the food processor on low. Drop in one cube of chilled butter and wait for it to get incorporated into the dry ingredients. When that happens, add the next cube of butter. Repeat until you've added all the butter. Continue whizzing everything in the food processor until the ingredients come together as a crumbly mixture with the texture of cornmeal. If you don't have a food processor, use a pastry cutter to gradually cut the butter into the dry ingredients. Add the wet ingredients to make a dough. Whisk together the honey, molasses, and water in a separate small bowl. Turn the food processor back on low and pour in the liquid mixture. Continue processing the ingredients for one to two minutes. Everything will come together as a soft dough. Without a food processor, use a wooden spoon to incorporate the wet and dry ingredients. Chill the dough. Use your hands to shape the dough into a ball. Wrap it in plastic wrap and transfer it to the fridge. Allow the dough to chill for at least an hour, but you can chill it overnight. Chilling the dough will get the butter cold again and make the dough easier to work with. It will also let the ingredients relax and come together, enhancing the flavors and ensuring the right texture. Preheat the oven and roll out the dough. When the dough has had time to chill, remove it from the fridge and turn it out onto a flat, floured surface. Preheat your oven to 350 F (177 C). {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/5\/53\/Make-Graham-Crackers-Step-5-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/5\/53\/Make-Graham-Crackers-Step-5-Version-2.jpg\/v4-190px-Make-Graham-Crackers-Step-5-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":307,"bigWidth":"190","bigHeight":"127","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Knead the dough for a minute or so, until it comes together into a cohesive ball. Add more flour, and use a floured rolling pin to roll out the dough. Roll the dough out to a thickness of one-eighth of an inch (0.3 cm). Make the thickness of the dough as even as possible to prevent burning and undercooking. Add more flour to the surface and the rolling pin as needed if the dough starts to stick. Cut out the dough. There are a couple ways you can cut the dough, depending on whether you want traditional graham crackers or more unique ones. When the cookies are ready, place them onto greased or parchment-lined baking sheets. You can use a pizza cutter to cut the cookies into squares or rectangles with straight edges. If you want squares, make them roughly two inches by two inches (5 cm by 5 cm). To make rectangles, cut the dough into cookies that are 2.5 inches by five inches (6.3 cm by 13 cm). Alternatively, you can also use a fluted pastry wheel to cut the graham crackers with rippled edges. For the most traditional graham crackers, use the pizza cutter or pastry wheel to cut the cookies into rectangles. Another option is to use cookie cutters to cut the dough into shapes of your choice. Prick with a fork and sprinkle with sugar. Once the cookies are transferred to the baking sheet, prick each one a few times with the tines of a fork. Then sprinkle a thin layer of sugar over the top of each cookie. The reason you poke holes in certain baked goods is to allow air flow through and to prevent them from puffing up as they bake. Bake and cool before serving. Bake the cookies for about 15 minutes. They're ready when they become golden brown around the edges. Leave the cookies on the baking sheet to cool for five minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and allow to cool to room temperature before serving or using for other treats. To store, line an air-tight container with parchment paper to help prevent breakage, and store the cookies for about a week. Gather your ingredients. S'mores are traditional campfire fare in many places. You make them by layering chocolate between two graham crackers, and then sticking a hot marshmallow in between to melt the chocolate. Per s'more, you'll need: Two graham crackers Two squares of chocolate One marshmallow Heat the marshmallow. There are a couple ways you can do this, depending on whether you're sitting around the fire or at home wishing you were! To heat the marshmallow on the fire, pierce it through the middle with a roasting stick. Hold it over the flames until it becomes golden brown on the outside. To make s'mores at home, preheat your oven to 400 F (204 C). Place each marshmallow on top of a graham cracker, and roast them in the oven for up to five minutes. Assemble the s’more. Place one graham cracker on a plate, followed by the two pieces of chocolate. Place the marshmallow on top, and then use the second graham cracker on top to sandwich in the marshmallow. Apply gentle pressure to the top and bottom of the s'more as you pull out the roasting stick. At home, place the graham cracker and marshmallow on a plate. Arrange the chocolate on top, and then top the whole thing off with a second graham cracker. Gather your ingredients and equipment. Graham crackers can be crushed to make a delicious crust that can be used for pies, ice cream pies, and other yummy desserts. To make this crust, you will need: 1½ cups (128 g) graham cracker crumbs 6 tablespoons (85 g) unsalted butter, melted ⅓ cup (75 g) sugar Food processor Medium bowl Rubber spatula or wooden spoon 9-inch pie plate Crush the crackers. Break the crackers and put them into a food processor. Pulse a few times to break the crackers up into small crumbs. You'll need about 15 to 18 crackers to get 1½ cups of crumbs. If you don't have a food processor, transfer the crackers to a freezer bag and roll over them with a rolling pin to crush them to crumbs. Combine all the ingredients. Transfer the crumbs to a medium bowl and add in the melted butter and sugar. Stir to fully combine all the ingredients. The final mixture should have the texture of course sand. To add some extra spice to your pie crust, add in ½ teaspoon (2.5 g) of cinnamon. You don't want to make the crust in the food processor, because the blades will make the crumbs too fine. Make the pie shell. Transfer the crust mixture to the pie plate. Use the spatula to spread it around. Evenly press the crust into the bottom and up the sides of the pie plate. To make the pie crust flat and even, gently stamp it down with a glass or measuring cup. Use, bake, or freeze the crust. To use the crust for a pie that requires baking, make your pie filling, fill the crust, and bake as directed. You can also place the crust in a freezer bag (in the plate) and transfer the crust to the freezer and store it for up to three months. To use the crust for a no-bake pie, blind bake the crust first. Preheat the oven to 300 F (149 C). When the oven is ready, bake the crust for seven to eight minutes. Remove from the oven, cool, and chill in the fridge for at least two hours before using. 
Wash the ginger and peel it. Run the ginger root under cool water and use your fingers to gently scrub away any dirt or other materials. Then, use a potato peeler or a sharp knife to take the skin off the outside of the root. The skin can affect the flavor of the tea and it won't dissolve as well in water. Grate the ginger into small pieces. Use a cheese grater to gently grate the ginger root. Catch the pieces on a small dish or plate to use later. If you don't have a cheese grater, you can use a sharp knife to cut the ginger into thin slices. Grating the ginger will make it dissolve more easily in hot water. Add the grated ginger to 1.5  c (350 mL) of boiling water. Put water into your tea kettle and heat it up on the stove until it's boiling. Pour it into a mug and place 1.5 tsp (3 g) of grated ginger into the bottom of the cup, then stir it around. You can put more or less ginger into the water if you want a stronger or weaker flavor. Let the tea steep for about 3 minutes, then strain it. It won't take long for the ginger to flavor your tea. Use a strainer to get all of the large pieces of ginger out of your cup, since they are probably too spicy to eat. Drink ginger tea when you feel nauseated. The ginger will help to settle any stomach pain you are having, while the hot water is soothing on your throat. Drink little sips at a time so you don't overwhelm your stomach, especially if you've already vomited. You can safely drink 1 to 2 cups of ginger tea per day. Wash the ginger root with cool water. Use your fingers to gently scrub away any dirt or debris from your ginger root. It's really important to remove any debris from the root before you blend it, because you won't be peeling your ginger root. Cut the ginger into small pieces and add it to a blender. Use a sharp knife and a cutting board to slice 1 ginger root into ⁄ 4 inch (0.64 cm) thin pieces. You don't need to peel the ginger root before you slice, since you'll be blending it all up together. Slicing the root makes it easier on your blender so your juice will be smoother. Cut up apples and carrots if you want extra flavor. Take the tops off of your carrots and slice them into ⁄ 4 inch (0.64 cm) slices. Then, cut open 1 apple and remove the seeds and the core. Cut up the apple into ⁄ 4 inch (0.64 cm) slices and put all of your ingredients into the blender. Carrots and apples are mild enough to cut the intense flavor of ginger without upsetting your stomach. Add 1⁄2  c (120 mL) of water, then blend your ingredients. Start out by pulsing your blender 2 to 3 times to break up any large chunks. Then, turn it on the lowest setting until your juice is smooth. Make sure the ginger is especially well ground-up to spread out its flavor. Strain and press the mixture through a sieve. Catch the strained juice in a cup or a glass, and make sure that all the solid chunks of ginger are out. Use a spoon to press your mixture through the sieve to make it easier on yourself. Straining your juice makes it more like a liquid and less like a smoothie. Drink your ginger juice to help with your upset stomach. The natural soothing remedies in ginger can help to settle your stomach and relieve nausea. Try drinking ginger juice whenever you feel like your stomach is unsettled to help with some of your symptoms. You can drink 1 to 2 cups of ginger juice per day to help with nausea. Eat some fresh ginger for an easy option. Wash your ginger root with cool water and peel the skin with a potato peeler. Cut the ginger root into ⁄ 4 inch (0.64 cm) thin slices, then add some salt on top. Eat the ginger plain or add it to a salad for an extra kick. Eating plain ginger is the fastest way to get it into your stomach if you aren't feeling well. Although ginger ale is sometimes marketed to help with stomach aches, the added sugar can be too harsh on your body and make you feel worse. Plus, ginger ale doesn't usually have a lot of fresh ginger in it. Take ginger capsules when you feel nauseated. Try taking a 250 mg dose when your stomach first starts feeling upset. Wait about 30 minutes for the capsule to dissolve in your stomach before you start feeling the effects. You can take up to 4 capsules per day at a 250 mg dose. Ginger capsules contain powdered ginger. They may make you feel bloated, give you heartburn, or make you feel more nauseous. Suck on ginger candy for an incremental dose. Look for crystalized ginger candies or hard candies flavored with real ginger at a grocery store. Hold one of these candies in your mouth and let it dissolve when you first start feeling nauseated. Talk to your doctor before you use ginger to treat a stomach ache. While ginger is usually safe to consume, it may not be right for everyone. It can trigger heartburn in some people and may cause diarrhea in some cases. Similarly, you shouldn't use ginger if you're taking blood thinners, because ginger can reduce clotting. Talk to your doctor to make sure ginger is safe for you to use. Let your doctor know that you want to consume ginger often as a stomach ache treatment. Get immediate care for severe pain, persistent diarrhea, or bleeding. While you'll likely be okay, severe symptoms may be a sign of a more serious condition. Go to your doctor to find out what's causing your symptoms. Then, ask your doctor for the best treatment. You may feel worsening pain or bloating. Contact your doctor if you have blood or a substance that looks like coffee grounds in your stool or vomit. Talk to your doctor if you’re losing weight without trying. While you shouldn't worry, it's best to see your doctor if you're losing weight because of a stomach ache. You might have a more serious condition. Tell your doctor about your symptoms and recent weight loss. They can help you choose the right treatments to feel better. See your doctor if your stomach ache lasts longer than 3 days or recurs. If your stomach ache persists or comes back, you need to see your doctor. Talk to them about your symptoms and get a proper diagnosis. Then, they'll help you get the right treatment so you find relief. If you have recurring stomach aches, you may have a more serious health condition. Try not to worry because your doctor can help. 
Pick a topic you are passionate about. Pick a subject that defines who you are or what you care about most. Talk about an issue that affects you or someone who is close to you. Or persuade your audience to care about a social, environmental, political, or economic problem. If you are passionate about the environment, then write about environmental issues, or write about the impact of technology on medicine, if that is what you are passionate about. Make sure your topic fits the parameters of the assignment. Choosing a topic you are passionate about will make writing, rehearsing, and giving your speech much easier. Use Internet sources. Type distinct phrases in your search engine to find specific information about your topic like, “The effects of pollution on the ocean.” Look for articles published by reputable sources like universities and well-known news outlets and magazines. Review the information of at least 3 websites. If the websites are all saying the same thing about your topic, the information should be valid and reliable. If they are not, then keep researching your topic until you find consistent information. Pull information from books. Check out books on your topic from your school's library, or your local library. Tell the librarian about your topic and the kind of speech you hope to give. Your librarian can point you in the right direction for books and articles on your topic. Check the publication dates for the books you reference. Always use the newest version of a book possible, as it will have the most up-to-date studies and research. Make an outline of the important information. As you review your sources, write down information that supports and expands your ideas in a valuable way. Categorize the information by theme. Make sure to type or write down relevant points and information such as statistics and facts that support your main argument. If you have any first-hand experience with your topic, you can also make note that. Personal stories can be just as engaging as research and stats. Additionally, take note of any opposing opinions. This way you can briefly address and rebut them in your speech. Save the links to your Internet sources in a Word document so you can refer back to them at a later time if you need to. Begin working on your speech at least a week in advance. Ideally, you should start working on your speech the day you get the assignment. If you work on it a little every day, it will make the whole process easier. If you can't start as soon as you get the assignment, though, plan at least a week of time for the writing and rehearsing process. Write out a script. Use your outline to form a script. Pretend you are having a conversation with a friend. Write the script as if you are talking to your friend. Keep your script simple by writing down the most important points. Use interesting examples to illustrate your ideas. Additionally, break your script up into main ideas or themes so that it moves forward coherently. For example, if you are writing about plastic pollution in the ocean, break your speech up into causes, effects, and solutions. If you are writing about the effect of globalization, organize your speech around the positive and negative effects of globalization. Start your speech with an attention grabber. Grab your audience's attention with a provocative question, or an unusual or interesting fact. You could also use a story from your personal experience, or a prop to grab your audience's attention. For example, if you are giving a speech about the effects of plastic pollution on the ocean, start with a fact that most people believe about plastics in the ocean. Then, share something that will shatter that belief. Anything shocking, odd, or absurd will grab your audience. If you are giving a speech about the effects of global population growth, open up your speech with an interesting fact like, "If all the people in the world stood in a line, the line would be long enough to reach Mars." Memorize your script. Once you have your script written, read it out loud to yourself. Replace awkward sounding sentences, with sentences that have a more conversational tone. Then memorize your script line by line. Rehearse your script out loud in front of the mirror, during your walk to school, or any other moment when you have free time. Use 3 to 4 hours to memorize a 20 to 30 minute speech. Memorizing your speech in front of the mirror will help you observe your movements and vocalizations so that you can incorporate the ones you like into your final presentation. Make notecards with important talking points. Once you have your script memorized, write down points that will jog your memory on a notecard. Write down 2 to 3 points per notecard. For example, write down the beginning of a sentence, a statistic, an important fact, or a word that will jog your memory. Practice your speech. Give your speech to a poster in your room, a stuffed animal, or your pet. Pretend they are your audience. Practice your speech until you don't have to look at your notecards. Once you are ready, practice your speech in front of a friend or family member. Rehearse your speech for an hour each day. By rehearsing for an hour, you will become comfortable with your script. This way, when you give the speech you will appear calm and confident. You may even be able to go up without a printed script while you give your speech to your class if you practice it enough. Stand straight with your arms relaxed at your sides. Also hold your head high with your chin up. This will give the impression that you are confident, even if you don't feel confident. Avoid nervous body language such as crossing your arms, tapping your foot, or pacing back and forth. Show your audience that you are excited about your speech by smiling before you begin, as well as throughout the speech. Pause for 10 seconds before you start your speech. Pausing before you give your speech will allow you time to collect your thoughts. It will also allow your audience members time to focus on you before you start your speech. Also remember to pause and take a breath throughout your speech, especially if you feel like you are talking to fast. Pause at the end of sentences, or pause after saying an important point. Project your voice. Project your voice by breathing from your stomach. You should feel your stomach expand as you breathe in. Enunciate your words by saying each syllable clearly. And put energy into your words by emphasizing them. For example, if you ask a rhetorical question, emphasize the last part of the question, or the word "you" to get your point across. Also emphasize main ideas, and the beginning of a new paragraph or section of your speech. Speak at a normal pace. Anxiety and nervousness may cause you to speak faster than usual. If you are out of breath while speaking, or if your words start running together, then you are most likely speaking too fast. To keep this from happening, take a breath and slow down to a normal pace. Look at your audience members. Start by looking at a familiar face, like a friend, in the audience. Then speak to individuals in your audience by looking at one person at a time. Hold their gaze for 5 to 7 seconds. Move on to the next person after 5 to 7 seconds. Think of your speech as a series of conversations with different members in the audience. If you find yourself getting nervous looking at people, try looking a little above their heads, instead. This way, you're still looking out, but you can focus on what you're saying instead of on other people's expressions. Take a breath if you lose your place or blank out. Don't worry if you forget the next word or line. It happens to everyone. Instead, pause for one to two seconds to look at your notecards. Before you begin speaking, take a deep breath, smile at your audience, and count backward from 5. If you need to, read the first few lines off of your notecards until you can regain your rhythm and composure. Remember, while a few seconds may seem forever to you, it is only a few seconds to your audience. If you really feel like you're taking too long to collect yourself, tell your audience, "I really want to get my facts straight, so I'm going to read this part verbatim," and refer to your script. Finish off your speech. A good ending should bring your presentation full circle. Finish off your speech with a quote, statistic, or story that relates to your opening, or summarize your most salient points. Depending on your topic, you may also finish with your vision for the future or a call to action for your audience. Once you've finished, thank your audience, pause for any applause if appropriate, then take your seat. 
Use a shower curtain or liner with a smooth, consistent surface. Shower curtains with raised or etched patterns may allow moisture or water to collect in certain areas; whereas a smooth curtain will allow water to glide down into the drain. Ventilate your bathroom during and after your shower. This procedure will help your bathroom dry at a faster rate and help eliminate moisture buildup. Open the window in your bathroom or turn on the ventilator fan to help remove excess moisture. Open your shower curtain wide enough for air circulation. Once you get out of the shower, leave the curtain partially open. This will allow any trapped moisture on the wet side of the shower curtain to escape and dry faster. Shake out the liner and separate any folds in your shower curtain to release trapped moisture. Also consider putting an empty laundry basket or a hook in the tub to hold the wet shower curtain away from the tub side. Hang the shower curtain on the outside of your bathtub. This will prevent mildew from forming on the area that clings to the tub. Move the shower curtain to the outside of the bathtub only after it has dried partially to prevent water from dripping onto your bathroom floor. Dry your shower curtain after each use. This will help prevent soap scum from forming on your shower curtain in addition to mildew. Use a dry towel or rag to remove water from the wet side of your shower curtain after you shower. Wash the curtain with detergent and vinegar. Put half the recommended amount of detergent in your washing machine. Add 1 cup (240 mL) of white vinegar. Toss in your shower curtain and a couple of old towels, and wash them on a normal cycle. Fill your tub with water and 1 cup (300 g) of salt. Plug the drain and add the salt. Then, let the water run until it is deep enough to cover the curtain. Let the curtain soak for 3 hours. Put your curtain in the tub and make sure it is fully submerged. Allow it to soak in the salt water solution. The salt water prevents mildew by creating a barrier on the shower curtain. Air-dry the shower curtain. After 3 hours, take the curtain out of the tub. Avoid rinsing off the salt water. Hang up the curtain and let it dry before showering. Obtain or prepare a cleaning solution for your shower curtain. You can use a commercial bathroom-cleaning product that specializes in preventing mildew growth or make your own cleaning solution. If you use a commercial cleaning product, use the product as directed by the manufacturer. To make a natural cleaning solution, mix together 1 part warm water and 1 part distilled white vinegar and pour the mixture into a spray bottle. You can substitute bleach for vinegar; however, you will be required to properly ventilate your bathroom after using the bleach mixture to prevent adverse health effects from the toxic fumes. Clean your shower curtain at least once per week. This procedure will help disinfect your shower curtain and eliminate any bacteria that may contribute to the growth of mildew. Spray your cleaning solution over the entire surface of your shower curtain. Use a clean, dry towel or rag to spread the cleaning solution over the entire surface of the shower curtain. Let the shower curtain air dry after cleaning it. Refrain from rinsing your shower curtain immediately after you have cleaned it to allow the properties from the solution to work completely. 
Place your hibiscus in a spot that gets at least six hours of direct sunlight a day. Though these plants will also grow in the light shade of very tall trees, they will grow more slowly and bloom less. Hibiscus in containers should be outdoors in the summer and moved inside in the fall. Set your plant in its container outdoors in a bright, sunny area during the summer and move it to a bright location indoors in the fall, where it will be exposed to at least a few hours of direct sunlight each day. Maintain the right temperatures for indoor hibiscus. While tropical hibiscus are indoors during the fall and winter, temperatures should be kept at 70 to 75 °F (21 to 24 °C) during the day and 55 to 65 °F (13 to 18 °C) at night. Make soil mix with a lot of organic matter for your hibiscus. Mix a 3- to 6-inch layer of compost, well-aged cow manure, leaf mold or decomposed pine bark mulch into the top 10 to 12 inches (25.4 to 30.5 cm) of soil with a rototiller to avoid creating pockets of organic matter that will interfere with water absorption. Test the soil to determine its pH. Hibiscus require soil with a neutral to slightly alkaline pH of 7 to 7.2. If it is acidic with a pH of 6.8 or lower, sprinkle lime over the soil and till it in to bring the pH up. The amount of lime needed to raise the soil pH will depend on the texture of the soil. Loamy soil requires 1 pound of dolomitic lime to raise the pH of 25 square feet of soil from 6.5 to 7. Sandy soil requires less lime while clay soil requires more. Select a planting site where the hibiscus will be protected from strong wind. The wind can damage the leaves and break tender branches. Use potting soil with a high pH for hibiscus in containers. The potting soil should be made of 1 part topsoil, 1 part sphagnum peat moss and 1 part coarse sand, perlite or vermiculite. The pH should be around 7 to 7.2. Check the label on the potting soil package to make sure it is within this range. If the potting soil is acidic with a pH of 6 to 6.5, add 1/2 cup dolomitic lime per 2 gallons (7.6 L) of soil to raise the pH. Do not use garden soil for planting hibiscus in containers. It will not drain properly and could contain fungal spores or bacteria that will infect the hibiscus. Spread a 2- to 3-inch depth of organic mulch around the hibiscus to help keep the soil moist. However, be sure to keep the mulch a few inches away from the stems. Wet mulch pushed right up against the hibiscus stems will encourage bacterial blight and stem cankers. Water your hibiscus as often as necessary to keep the soil lightly moist. Do this for the first year the hibiscus has been planted or potted, until it becomes well established. Use a soaker hose or water the hibiscus by hand with a watering can to help prevent fungal and bacterial diseases that thrive on wet leaves. Give it 1 inch (2.5 cm) or 3 gallons (11.4 L) of water each time. Measure how much water is given with a soaker hose by setting a 1-inch deep can next to the hibiscus before turning on the hose. When the can is full, the hibiscus has received 1 inch (2.5 cm) of water. From the second year on, water the plant when the top 2 to 3 inches (5.1 to 7.6 cm) of soil becomes dry. Give it 2 inches (5.1 cm) or 6 gallons (22.7 L) of water each time. Water hibiscus in a container when the top of the soil begins to dry during the spring, summer, and fall. Pour the water evenly over the soil until it drains freely from the bottom of the pot. As the hibiscus will grow much slowly, if at all, during the winter, water it in the winter only when the potting soil is almost completely dry. Keeping the soil too wet in the winter may result in root rot. Hibiscus will drop their flower buds if they are watered too much or too little. Sprinkle a balanced, slow-release fertilizer with a 10-10-10 ratio over the soil around the hibiscus after planting. Use a slow-release fertilizer that will last for six months so the nutrients are available from mid-spring to early fall while the hibiscus is actively growing. Hibiscus planted in the garden should be given fertilizer formulated for garden plants while container-grown hibiscus should be given fertilizer formulated for houseplants. Garden fertilizer is too strong for container-grown plants and will burn their roots. Give outdoor hibiscus about 1/4 cup of fertilizer and give container-grown plants only a few tablespoons of fertilizer. Recommended amounts vary, depending on how the fertilizer is formulated, so follow the manufacturer's recommendations. When hibiscus are not getting enough nitrogen, the leaves will turn yellow. You can sprinkle about 1/4 cup of granular 10-10-10 fertilizer over the soil and water it in to give the hibiscus a quick boost. Too much fertilizer will burn the roots and cause the edges of the leaves to turn dry and brown. Do not give hibiscus fertilizer during the winter. They will not use it because they will be going through a dormant period and it could damage their roots. Prune your hibiscus after they finish blooming. The entire shrub can be pruned back by up to one-third with hand pruners right after it blooms. This will encourage new branch growth and more flowers, as hibiscus bloom on new branch growth. Make the pruning cuts about ⁄ 4 inch (0.6 cm) above a leaf. New branches will grow from just below where the old branch is cut. Remove the fading flowers before they go to seed to encourage another flush of flowers. Be wary of insects, splashing water, and wind. Hibiscus are susceptible to a number of diseases, including bacterial blight, leaf spots, and rust. Bacterial blights and leaf spots are spread by environmental factors like wind, splashing water, and insects. These diseases will cause yellow-edged tan or brown lesions on the leaves and flowers. Rust, a fungal disease that causes an orange powdery substance to form on the leaves, is also spread the same way. Notice if the cool, damp weather is encouraging the growth of Botrytis blight. This is a gray mold that is similar to bacterial blight but is caused by a fungus. It will appear as soft brown spots on the flowers, stems and leaves and causes mature flowers to rot quickly. Gray mold can also develop on the brown spots. Another disease hibiscus is susceptible to is stem cankers, which are caused by fungi that infect hibiscus stems through wounds. The cankers are usually brown but may be gray at the center. Prune off any infected stems, leaves, or flowers. Pruning cuts should be made into healthy tissue about 1 inch beyond the infected area. Disinfect your pruners and dry them between cuts to help prevent the spread of disease. You can disinfect your pruners by soaking them in disinfectant for a few minutes between cuts. Do not prune hibiscus with the pruners that are still wet with disinfectant as it causes damage to plant tissue. To help your plant recover from root rot, let the soil dry out before trying to water it again. Rather than discard a shrub with root rot, you can try to help it recover by pulling the mulch off the soil with a rake and carefully digging the soil away from the base of the shrub with a shovel. Make sure the soil dries out completely before watering it again. Root rot occurs when the soil drains slowly and remains very wet for extended periods of time. Hibiscus with root rot wilt and appear drought stressed because the roots are no longer able to supply the stems and leaves with moisture. The leaves often become dull green, yellow, red or burgundy. Hibiscus commonly die from this disease. Prune out any branches affected with Verticillium wilt. Doing this, along with watering the diseased plant properly and giving it fertilizer each spring, will help it live longer. Make sure you disinfect your pruners between cuts of the branches. Verticillium wilt has symptoms similar to root rot but they will appear on only one side of the shrub first. The hibiscus may live for a few weeks or a few years but it will eventually die from this disease. Re-plant the area with only Verticillium-resistant plants. The organism that causes Verticillium wilt lives in the soil even after the infected plant is removed. So, re plant and replace with a plant like: Rose-of-Sharon (Hibiscus syriacus), which is a Verticillium-resistant hibiscus. It grows well in Zones 5 to 9 where it can reach a height of 8 to 12 feet. New Jersey tea shrubs (Ceanothus americanus) are also a good option for re-planting in Verticillium-contaminated areas. They produce showy, white flowers in late spring and early summer that attract hummingbirds and butterflies. New Jersey tea shrubs grow well in Zones 4 to 8, where they can reach a height of 3 to 4 feet. Check your hibiscus for aphids, mites, mealybugs, scales insects, and whiteflies. All of these pests pierce the hibiscus leaves and suck out the plant's juices. A healthy hibiscus can easily handle mild infestations of any of these pests with minimal damage. Aphids are often green or red but they can be almost any color. They are small, soft-bodied insects that move slowly and are often found on hibiscus stems and the undersides of leaves. Mites are tiny spider-type pests that are barely visible to the naked eye. They are often detected when their fine webbing is noticeable between the hibiscus' leaves and stems. The leaves also develop a bronzy-looking blush and tiny dots. Mealybugs and scale insects are flat, round or oval pests that move slowly to a permanent place on the hibiscus when they are young and then attach themselves and lose their legs. Mealybugs are usually off-white and have a waxy coating that makes them look mealy. Scale insects are smooth and commonly tan, off-white or brown. Whiteflies look like tiny white moths that fly up in a cloud when the hibiscus leaves are disturbed. Avoid pesticide treatments for pests. Besides being unnecessary, these treatments will kill beneficial insects like lady bird beetles, which are natural predators of these pests. Lady beetles will usually bring an infestation under control when given an opportunity. While lady bird beetles can be purchased and released into the garden, this is rarely effective. The lady bird beetles move on to other gardens very quickly. They ordinarily arrive naturally soon after the pests. Prune out severely infested branches and put them in the trash. Disposing of them prevents the spread of more pests to other plants. Hose down the hibiscus every other morning with a strong spray from the garden hose. The water will crush the pests and knock them off the shrub. It also makes the environment less than ideal for spider mites, which thrive in dry conditions. Remove mealybugs and scale insects by rubbing them off with a thumbnail or a cotton ball dipped in Isopropyl rubbing alcohol. This will kill them and reduce the risk of spreading these pests to other plants. Pick off any Japanese beetles and caterpillars by hand and drown them in a bucket of soapy water. Japanese beetles and caterpillars eat hibiscus leaves. Japanese beetles are medium-sized, oval, shiny green beetles. Caterpillars that attack hibiscus can be nearly any color or size. When you remove these pests by hand, drop them into a bucket of soapy water to drown them. Wear gloves when removing caterpillars as some species will inflict a painful sting. Caterpillars are fairly easy to find at any time of the day. Japanese beetles are easiest to remove early in the morning while they are sluggish. 
Clean 4 balloons with a damp paper towel. Run a little water onto a paper towel and squeeze it tightly so the excess water drips out. Then wipe the damp paper towel over 4 balloons. This will remove any dust from the package so it doesn't get onto your chocolate. If you'd like to clean the balloons more, wash them in a bowl of cold water. Then dry them thoroughly with a clean towel. Blow up the balloons as large as you'd like. If you're planning on making small chocolate bowls, blow up the balloons just a little, so they're very small. To make large chocolate bowls, blow them up until they're about halfway inflated. Although you can use water balloons, these will be harder to pop, which will make it hard to pull away from the chocolate. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler. To set up the double boiler, put a small pot on the stove and pour in enough water to come 1 inch (2.5 cm) up the side. Heat the water over low heat until it simmers. Then place a heat-proof bowl on the pot and put 2 1/2 cups (437 g) of chopped chocolate into it. Stir the chocolate until it's melted and smooth. This should take about 10 minutes.  The bowl with the chocolate shouldn't be touching the water in the pot below it. Spread small spoonfuls of melted chocolate on a baking sheet. To make it easier to remove the chocolate bowls, lay a piece of parchment paper on the baking sheet. Then take 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of melted chocolate and spread it into a circle about 1 to 2 inches (2.5 to 5.1 cm) in diameter. Make 1 circle for each chocolate bowl and leave about 6 inches (15 cm) of space between the circles. The circles will create a little base for the bowls so the balloons don't tip over or harden unevenly. Dip a balloon halfway with the chocolate and set it onto a circle. Take 1 of your inflated balloons and lower the completely round end into the melted chocolate. Keep lowering until the chocolate comes halfway up the sides of the balloon. Then place the chocolate balloon directly onto a circle on your baking sheet. Repeat this for each bowl you plan to make. If you'd like the bowls to have peaks and valleys, lower the balloon into the chocolate at an angle. Then turn the balloon and lower it again. Refrigerate the chocolate balloons for 20 to 60 minutes. Carefully transfer the baking sheet to the refrigerator and leave the chocolate balloons to chill until the chocolate hardens. If you'd like to make these in advance, you can refrigerate them for up to 1 day, but the chocolate may begin to bloom or develop cloudy streaks. Pop each balloon and peel it away from the chocolate bowl. Once the chocolate has hardened, remove the baking sheet from the refrigerator. Use a toothpick or wooden skewer to pop each balloon and gently pull the deflated balloon away from the chocolate. Take care when you touch the chocolate bowls. You'll probably leave fingerprints on them. Fill the chocolate bowls and serve them. Set each chocolate bowl on a serving plate and fill the bowls with your favorite items. For example, fill them with sliced fresh fruit, such as berries, apricots, mangoes, or bananas. You can also fill the bowls with ice cream, whipped cream, or mousse. While you can refrigerate the leftover chocolate bowls, they may become cloudy or grainy the longer they're stored. Try to use the bowls within 1 day. Heat the chocolate over low heat until it melts. Make a double boiler by setting a pot on the stove and pouring in about 1 inch (2.5 cm) of water. Turn the burner to low, so the water begins to simmer. Then put 2 cups (350 g) of chopped chocolate into a heat-proof bowl and set the bowl into the pot. Keep stirring the chocolate for about 10 minutes, so it melts. Ensure that the bowl doesn't touch the simmering water in the pot underneath it. If you don't want to heat the chocolate on the stove, put it in the microwave and heat it in 15-second increments until it's smooth. Stir the chocolate after each 15-second increment. Spoon 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of chocolate into each cavity of a mold. Get out a silicone mold that has 6 semi-sphere cavities. Pour a spoonful of the melted chocolate into each cavity.  There's no need to line or spray the silicone mold since the chocolate won't stick to it. Spread the chocolate along the sides of each cavity. Use the back of a spoon or a silicone brush to spread the melted chocolate across the sides of the cavities. Each cavity should be coated with the melted chocolate. Refrigerate the silicone mold for 8 to 15 minutes. Carefully place the chocolate-coated silicone mold in the refrigerator. Leave it in until the chocolate hardens completely in the mold. Keep in mind that if you use a chocolate candy coating that has stabilizers, you may need to freeze it before the coating will harden. Turn the mold over and peel it away from the chocolate bowls. Once the chocolate is hard, take the mold out of the refrigerator and turn it upside-down on a clean work surface. Place your palm over the center of the mold and use your other hand to slowly peel away the corner of the mold that's farthest from you. The chocolate bowls will separate from the mold. Fill the chocolate bowls with fruit or dessert. Set a chocolate bowl on each serving plate and fill it with your choice of ripe fruit, such as banana slices, berries, or apricots. You could also fill the bowls with ice cream, mousse, or whipped cream. If you'd like to make the chocolate bowls in advance, wait to fill them until just before serving. Refrigerate the empty molds in an airtight container and use them within 1 day. 
Cover half of the plate at every meal with non-starchy vegetables. Veggies should make up the bulk of your diet because they are low-calorie and contain lots of essential nutrients to keep you healthy. Many experts recommend at least 4 servings of vegetables per day, but if you want to lose weight then you'll need to eat more than that. By planning meals around a generous portion of non-starchy vegetables, you'll feel full without eating too much. Non-starchy vegetables include cauliflower, broccoli, carrots, zucchini, lettuces, asparagus, and lots of other delicious foods that can all be prepared in many different ways so you won't get bored of them. Include a serving of a lean protein in every meal. Lean proteins include chicken and eggs, white fish (like salmon and tuna), some cuts of beef, and legumes. Proteins are important for weight loss because eating them helps your body to build lean muscle and boosts your metabolism. A good rule of thumb to remember is that a single serving of most meats is about the same size as your palm. If you don't eat meat, there are lots of plant-based meat alternatives available that are even healthier options! Look for them in the frozen section of your grocery store. Replace refined carbs with whole grains and lots of fiber. Many studies show that if you want to see quicker weight loss results from a diet, you should follow a low-carb diet. Instead of eliminating all carbs, however, you can focus on cutting out refined carbs and processed sugars and eating whole grains and plenty of fiber. This category of food should make up the smallest portion of every meal, just one serving or about 1/4 of the plate. Healthy carbs can be found in fruits, legumes (like chickpeas, lentils, and black beans), whole grains (like oats, brown rice, quinoa, or whole-wheat breads and pastas), and starchy vegetables. Stick to the proper serving sizes of the different types of carbs. Make sure to look at the nutrition label on your foods and measure them properly before eating. Look for low-calorie versions of your favorite condiments and dressings. Toppings for your favorite foods often are sneaky ways that calories and carbs show up in meals. One tablespoon of mayonnaise, for example, can have up to 90 calories! Restock your kitchen with low-calorie options of the dressings and condiments that you use often. You can also practice seasoning foods with herbs and spices, which naturally have fewer calories and more flavor. Supplement meals with a few small, nutritious snacks throughout the day. . Having an occasional snack can be a part of a nutritious weight loss diet because it will keep you from getting too hungry and overeating. When you do snack, make sure that you're choosing foods that are filling, high in nutrient content, and low in calories.  Examples of filling and healthy snacks include: a medium-sized fruit, like a banana or apple; a 1 ounce (28 g) serving of your favorite nuts; a small bag of carrots and celery with hummus; and beef jerky. Lots of snacks are available at grocery stores in 100 calorie serving packs. Stock up on these and keep one or two on you during the day just in case you get hungry. Stop drinking sodas, fruit juices, most alcohols, and other high-calorie drinks. One of the easiest ways to lower the amount of calories you consume in a day is to start with liquids because people often forget or don't know just how many calories their favorite drinks are. To lose weight fast, you'll need to eliminate these drinks from your daily life. Drink 2 to 3.25 kg (8 to 13 cups) of water throughout the day. Water is a great drink to help you lose weight because it fills you up, reducing feelings of hunger, but doesn't have any hidden calories. Aim to drink approximately 8-13 glasses of water Contrary to popular belief, retaining water and water bloat comes from not drinking enough water, not drinking too much. Have a cup of a low-calorie drink for added flavor. If you find it's hard to drink only water, you can have other liquids, but make sure that they're low-calorie and have few sugars or carbs. Coffee and teas are great choices since they're mostly water. If you don't like those options, look for sugar-free lemonades, sports drinks, or flavored seltzers. Keep a food journal to track your food intake. Dieticians can be expensive and hard to find, but you can use an online service or smartphone app to get the same benefits for free. These apps allow you to input what you ate and how much and then will often provide the amount of calories and other nutrients you've consumed throughout the day. With this information, you can track your eating and set smarter goals for weight loss. As you log foods, look to see what times of day you eat the most, the types of food that you get the most calories from, and the nutrient breakdowns of the foods you eat the most. This information is crucial for rethinking your dieting plan. Some great apps to check out are MyFitnessPlan, My Food Diary, and MyPlate. All of these (and more!) are available for free in the Apple App Store and on Google Play. Try out intermittent fasting routines. Instead of spreading out 3 large meals throughout the entire day, try to eat all of your food in a period of 8 or 10 hours and then fasting until the next day. Pick a window of time, like 11 am to 7 or 9 pm, and allow yourself to eat during then. Outside of those hours, only drink water or other no-calorie drinks. Some studies have shown that intermittent fasting boosts metabolism and increases the amount of fat lost during regular exercise, which makes this a great addition to any dieting plan. An easy way to start intermittent fasting is to pick 1 or 2 days to do it in a week, then working your way up in 1- or 2-day increments to doing it full-time. Eat larger meals early in the day and smaller meals towards the evening. Foods eaten after 8 p.m. have the same amount of calories as before 8 p.m., but you're more likely to not be engaging in physical activity at night or closer to bed. Instead of having a small breakfast and finishing the day with a big dinner, have a larger breakfast and lunch and a small dinner. This way, you can work off the calories from those meals as you go about your day. If this doesn't work for your schedule, you can also try eating several smaller meals throughout the day instead of the 3 main ones. The goal is to eat enough to keep you full but not overindulge because you're hungry, which tends to happen if you start to feel hungry. Allow yourself to have cheat foods in moderation to keep from burning out. It can be tough to cut out lots of different foods at once, especially if that means you don't get to enjoy a favorite food. Once or twice a week, give yourself the chance to eat something that you cut out, like a serving of your favorite ice cream or a glass of wine. Doing so will help curb cravings and keep you from over-indulging. There are lots of healthier versions of many junk foods (like ice cream, cookies, chips, or wine) available! Often these foods are right next to or close by the regular foods in the grocery store. If not, you can order these foods online and have them delivered to your door. Get in approximately 30 minutes of aerobic exercise a day. In addition to changing your diet, you'll need to add cardiovascular exercise. Cardio exercises are ones that get your heart rate up, which boosts your metabolism and burns fat. Exercises like jogging or running, swimming, biking, or using a rowing machine are great ways to start if you haven't done much cardio training before. When choosing your exercises, aim to pick activities that are moderate-intensity for you. You'll need to be out of breath, sweating and have your heart rate raised. Add in high-intensity interval training (HIIT) to your exercise routine. HIIT is a great method for maximizing the amount of fat you burn in a single workout session. When you do HIIT, you'll want to get your heart rate as high as it can go for a short period of time, take a break, and then get your heart rate back up again. Make 1-2 of your cardio sessions in a week a HIIT workout. The combination of HIIT and steady-state cardio (like jogging for 30 minutes) is great for weight loss. Move more throughout the day. In addition to participating in planned, structured exercise, try increasing how much you move throughout the day. This can also help your overall calorie burn throughout the day. Take the stairs instead of the elevator whenever you can. When you go to the store or run an errand, park far away from the building and get in a short walk. If you have a one-on-one meeting at work, see if the other person would be okay with taking a walk as you talk. Bring your lunch to work and then walk to a nearby spot to eat it. Do quick exercises, like crunches, jumping jacks, or lunges, during commercial breaks as you watch TV. Increase the intensity of your workouts over time. If you notice that you aren't losing weight or have plateaued, you might need to make your workouts longer or harder. As your body begins to get used to working out, it also makes exercising more efficient, which burns fewer calories. To fix this, increase the length of time you spend doing cardio exercises or do them at a faster pace for the same amount of time. For example, if you usually spend 20 minutes running each day, try going for 5 or 10 minutes longer each time. Or you can run at a faster pace for the same amount of time. Include regular strength training in your weekly workout routine. Strength training is another type of exercise that will supplement weight loss in the short-term and help you keep the weight off in the long run. No matter what weights exercise you're doing (like bicep/tricep curls, chest presses, pushups, or deadlifts), you should aim to do 3 sets of 12 repetitions for each one. In order to pick the best weight amount, start at a low number and increase the weight until you feel struggle a little to do the exercise. Strength or resistance training doesn't burn all that many calories by itself. However, it helps increase your lean muscle mass and your metabolism or your body's ability to burn calories. Do simple exercises that use your body weight instead of equipment. Building muscle doesn't require a full rack of weights; you can do lots of different exercises with just your body. The best part of this is that you can do this type of training anywhere—at the office, in your house, in a park, or anywhere you have a moment of free time! Bodyweight exercises include pushups, planks, squats, lunges, mountain climbers, and burpees, among others. Aim to do 15 of any bodyweight exercise or hold a position for 1 minute as one set, and then repeat it 2 more times in a routine. Train all of the major muscle groups in order to lose weight over your entire body. There are 6 major muscle groups to think about when creating a strength training routine: chest, biceps, triceps, back, legs, and shoulders. You should spend at least 20 minutes working on each muscle group twice a week, with a rest day in between one day of working a group and the next. For example, you might focus on chest, biceps, and your back on Mondays and Wednesdays and choose to work your triceps, legs, and shoulders on Tuesdays and Thursdays. 
Determine when to wake your tortoise. There are certain conditions that indicate you need to wake up your tortoise. If you use the natural seasonal progression to determine when to let your tortoise hibernate, you should wake him up when the temperature increases above 50 degrees Fahrenheit (10 degrees Celsius) in the area of his hibernaculum, which is his home during hibernation. This temperature stimulates his metabolism, which is when it is best for him to wake up. If you notice urine in his hibernaculum, you should also go ahead and fully wake him up. This is an indication that he is partially awake, which means he should fully wake up to avoid sickness. If it has been four months since your tortoise went into hibernation, he should also be woken up. Increase the temperature. The first thing you need to do to start waking him up is move his hibernaculum from where you've kept it protected and stored while he was hibernating. This is typically outside, so you can bring it indoors. Once indoors, sit his hibernaculum next to a heater or radiator for a few hours. Remove it once it reaches room temperature. Provide a heat lamp. While the hibernaculum is warming up, you need to prepare your tortoise an area to recover from hibernation. This area needs a heat lamp or a tortoise table in order for it to maintain the right temperature. The constant temperature in the tortoise enclosure needs to be at least 86 degrees Fahrenheit (30 degrees Celsius). The heat lamp should be around 150 Watts and mounted about 40 cm (15 to 16 inches) above where you lay your tortoise, which is perfect distance for him to bask in the heat. Do not rely on the natural heating in your house because it will not be hot enough for your tortoise. which has a heat lamp. Add extra light. You need to put your tortoise in an area where he will receive a lot of natural light. This is important to stimulate certain hormones in his body, which will encourage him to eat. To help stimulate your tortoise when he is coming out of hibernation, you can try an artificial UVB light. This will help him develop his appetite and immunities faster and help him regain the energy he lost during hibernation. The exact UVB bulb and set up will depend on your particular tortoise habitat, so you may want to ask your a qualified veterinarian that specializes in reptiles for advice. You can also ask a qualified pet store associate. The use of an extra UVB light is controversial among tortoise owners. Many people do not think that tortoises need more UVB light than that provided by the sun. Give him water. When your tortoise is just waking up, he needs plenty of water. This will help him flush any toxins out of his system that he accumulated while in hibernation. This is even more important than food since he needs to drink before he can eat. Your tortoise will not just drink the water from a bowl. You need to instead put him in a bath of lukewarm water no higher than his chin. Also splash it on his shell and head. When he first wakes up, he may dip his head under the water and drink directly from it. This is normal. Leave him for five minutes at a time and do it daily for about a week or so, which should be about the time he eats properly again. He then needs to sit with his tail region in a small bowl of water for about 20 minutes once to twice a day. Since tortoises can absorb water through their anuses, this will help him get hydrated while he wakes up. Make sure the water bowl is not so deep that he could drown. To keep just his tail end in the water, prop his upper body on a smooth rock or book and leave his tail end in the bowl of water. You can place him in a tub of water, but you have to ensure his head is not covered so he won't drown. Provide glucose in his water. One way to help boost your tortoise while he is waking up is to put a little glucose (sugar) in some water to help get his energy levels back up. While he hibernates, this is stored in his body, but he will regain energy faster with a little extra glucose on his system. Make a mixture of 2 teaspoons of sugar in 250 milliliters (8.5  fl oz) of water. Give your tortoise 10 to 20 milliliters (0.34 to 0.68  fl oz) of this solution a day as he is waking from hibernation. You can also use Pedialyte or Reptoboost, an electrolyte boosting substance specifically for reptiles. Only do this around the time he is waking up from hibernation. Doing it all the time can lead to high blood sugar levels. Offer him food. After you get your tortoise to drink water, he will also need to eat. Give him fresh fruits and vegetables that will entice him to eat. Tomatoes and strawberries are especially good when he is first waking up because tortoises find these foods extremely tasty, which will encourage him to eat them. The amount of food he eats will vary depending on what stage of the waking up period he is in, so just put in what you would normally feed him per day and gauge how much he eats. Since he will be under a heat lamp, you will need to put small portions out a few times a day. Leaving the fruit and veggies too long will cause them to dry out and your tortoise won't eat them. Look for signs of sickness. Once you've set to waking up your tortoise, he should start eating within seven days. If he doesn't, he may be sick. If you notice that your tortoise refuses to eat, you should take him to a vet that specializes in reptiles immediately. If you let it go, he could get worse. You also need to check his overall appearance and demeanor to see if he is healthy. When he wakes up, check his: Body for lumps, swelling, scraps, or cuts, as well as pinkness under his shell Eyes for inflammation or discharge Tail for unusual odor, discharge, or swelling Nose for blockage or discharge Mouth for signs of rot, which include yellow or white cheese-like residue Ears for abscesses The longer you leave him alone without treatment, the greater the risk of complications for him will be. This can lead to infection or overwhelming, which can cause organ failure. Give the right temperature control. The best temperature to keep a tortoise under while he is in hibernation is between four and six degrees Celsius (39 to 43 degrees Fahrenheit). This is not hot enough to wake up your tortoise and not cold enough to cause any cold based damage, such as frostbite. If you think the weather is too hot for your tortoise, you need to use refrigerator hibernation, which uses special refrigeration equipment. During this time, he will use his body fat reserves for nutrition to maintain his organ functions. Manipulate the natural weather conditions. Most places do not have the right natural weather patterns to match a tortoise's hibernation needs. This means you must manipulate his environment for him to mimic his natural hibernation habits. The maximum amount of time you should let your tortoise hibernate is four months, though he can hibernate for shorter periods of time. Avoid partially waking your tortoise. It is important to maintain your tortoise's environment while he is hibernating to avoid partially waking him up. If the temperature changes in his environment, his metabolism will be kick started and he could start to wake up. When this happens, he uses part of his reserves, which can weaken him if he goes back into hibernation. The most obvious sign that your tortoise has been partially woken up from hibernation is the presence of urine in his hibernaculum. Learn the side effects of improper waking. If you wake your tortoise improperly or allow him to hibernate too long, his health may go into an downward spiral. Your tortoise can wake up weak and have a suppressed immune system, which makes him more susceptible to infections and other sicknesses. If he uses too much energy during hibernation, he also may not have enough energy to ever wake up. If he also doesn't receive the right temperature conditions as he wakes up, he may not eat adequately, which will cause weakness and lead to a lack of energy reserves to keep him healthy and happy. If he is partially woken up and then goes back into hibernation, he runs the risk of getting sick from lack of energy when he wakes up in the spring. It is better to wake him up then leave him so he will be weak when he does come out of full hibernation. Know if your tortoise needs to hibernate. Only certain species of tortoises are meant to hibernate. This relies on your tortoise's native environment and if his history called from hibernation in order to survive. Common species that need to hibernate are the Hermann's tortoise, spur-thighed tortoise, Horsfield's or Russian tortoise, and Marginated tortoise. Never hibernate tropical species of tortoises, such as the Leopard tortoise. You should also not hibernate your tortoise if he is smaller than 700g in weight, or if he is sick or has health problems. If your tortoise has these problems, keep him awake and regulate his temperature during the cold months instead. Learn why he hibernates. Tortoises hibernate to conserve their energy. During the winter, your tortoise will likely go into hibernation if the conditions are right. This is because the colder conditions are not as suitable for him, so he goes into hibernation to conserve his energy and survive longer. 
Eat breakfast. Studies have shown that people who eat a healthy, balanced breakfast in the morning are more alert and energetic than those who skip breakfast. Aim for foods high in protein, like eggs, tofu, yogurt, or peanut butter. Or choose nutrient-rich food options like oatmeal and fresh fruit. These foods will fuel your body through the day and give you the energy you need to stay awake and active. Drink coffee or tea. Caffeinated beverages can help you combat sleepiness and make you feel more wakeful and energetic. And drinking coffee or tea can bring plenty of health benefits, too. These naturally caffeinated beverages are chock full of antioxidants , and recent studies suggest that drinking coffee can even decrease your risk of developing depression. Don't drink too much! Excessive caffeine consumption can cause anxiousness and irritability. Drinking too much coffee can also interfere with your ability to have a good night of sleep after you make it through the day. Opt for coffee over energy drinks. An 8 oz. cup of coffee typically contains more caffeine than the same serving size of most energy drinks. Stay hydrated. Drinking enough water is important to maintain your body's natural functions, and dehydration can actually make you feel even more tired. Chew ice. The physical act of chewing keeps your body awake, and ice comes with the additional benefits of being refreshing and hydrating. Take a snack break during the day. Snacks high in protein and vitamins, like nuts or fresh fruit, can help give you an energy boost between meals when your body starts to drag. Take a nap, if you can. Short naps can boost your energy levels and leave you feeling more alert, awake, and able to perform at work. Even just a brief 15-20 minute nap can help. Don't nap for too long. Napping for more than 30 minutes can lead to increased grogginess after waking. Remember that you may feel groggy for about 15 minutes after waking. It might be a good idea to drink coffee immediately after a nap. Eat a hearty lunch. Your body needs most of its calories in the morning and afternoon. Give yourself the fuel you need when you need it most. Be sure to make healthy food choices. Overdoing it on calories or sugar at lunch can leave you feeling more tired in the afternoon. Get in a light workout. Even a short, brisk walk can help wake you up and give you the energy you need to make it through the day. Spend some time in the sun. Experts have found that being immersed in natural light can increase wakefulness and make you feel more alert as you go through your day. Change your environment. If possible, work with the windows open to allow fresh air to enter, and try listening to music to keep you going. Make a list. Plan out everything you need to do during the day, and arrange them in order of importance. This will help you remember everything you need to get done. It will also give you a sense of capability and provide you with a visual reminder of both what you've accomplished and what tasks remain. Work efficiently. Aim to get your most challenging or complex tasks done earlier in the day, when you have more energy. Reward yourself with a break. Disengaging from homework, studying, or work projects for a short period of time can improve productivity by making you feel more refreshed and recharged, and it can motivate you to get through your next set of tasks.. Return to your normal sleep schedule. After pulling an all-nighter, it's important to return to your regular habits. Go to bed around the time you normally would, or perhaps a little earlier than usual, and set your alarm for the same time you would normally wake up. 
Plug your charging cable into your computer. Use the USB ports on your computer to plug your FitBit charging cable into your computer. Plug your Fitbit tracker into the charging cable. The charging cable is specifically designed to connect to your Fitbit tracker. Press and hold the button for 12 seconds. Press and hold the button until you see the FitBit logo and version number on the screen. Let go of the button. Your Fitbit has been reset. You are now ready to use it again. Press and hold the "Select" and "Back" buttons. Press and hold the left and right buttons until you see the FitBit logo on the screen. Let go of the buttons. Once you see the logo on the screen, let go of the Select and Back buttons. The screen will turn off. Wait 10 seconds. After the screen turns off, wait 10 seconds before pressing the home button to turn the Fitbit tracker back on. Plug your charging cable into your computer. Use the USB ports on your computer to plug your FitBit charging cable into your computer. Plug your Fitbit tracker into the charging cable. The charging cable is specifically designed to connect to your Fitbit tracker. Press the button on the charging cable three times. The button is on the USB connector at the end of the charging cable. Press the button three times with a slight pause in between each press. You will see the logo on the FitBit screen. Unplug the Fitbit tracker. Your device has been reset. You can now start using it again. Plug your charging cable into your computer. Use the USB ports on your computer to plug your FitBit charging cable into your computer. Plug your Fitbit tracker into the charging cable. The charging cable is specifically designed to connect to your Fitbit tracker. Insert a paper clip into the pinhole. The pinhole is located on the back of the charging cable. Press down on the paper clip and hold. Hold the paper clip down for three to five seconds and then release. Unplug the Fitbit tracker. When the LED lights stop flashing, the reset is complete. You can then start wearing your Fitbit tracker again. 
Pour two cups of hot water into a bowl. You just need enough to cover the jewelry you're cleaning. This method works as a gentle cleanser that removes tarnish without abrading the silver. If your silver is lightly tarnished, the salt bath should take the tarnish right off. If you're cleaning a lot of jewelry at once, you can use more water. For just one piece of jewelry, use less water. If your jewelry has gemstones, make sure they won't be affected by being submerged in a saltwater solution. This solution is gentle on most stones, but if you're cleaning very fine jewelry with expensive gemstones, you're better off taking it to a professional just in case. You can also contact your jeweler for advice. Add salt and aluminum foil. Stir one tablespoon of salt it into the hot water with a spoon until it completely dissolves. Take a sheet of aluminum foil and tear off a few strips, then put them in the bowl. The combination of salt and aluminum will react with the tarnish on the silver's surface and create a bright, shiny surface in place of the tarnish. Tarnish happens when the surface of silver combines with sulfur and turns into silver sulfide, which is black. When silver sulfide reacts with aluminum in a salt solution, the chemical reaction between the substances turns the silver sulfide back to silver. The reaction happens faster when the solution is warm. If you don't have table salt on hand, you can use baking soda instead. It has the right properties to facilitate the same chemical reaction. Submerge your jewelry in the solution. Allow it to sit for 5 minutes. Stir it around a bit to see whether the tarnish is going away. When you see that the silver's shine has been restored, remove the silver from the solution. If you're working with deeply tarnished silver, you might need to repeat the process two or more times. Make sure the solution is completely heated, since the reaction is much slower if the solution is cool. Rinse the jewelry. Run it under cool running water to rinse off the salt, then gently dry it using a soft cloth or microfiber towel. The jewelry should be good as new. If you still see signs of tarnish, repeat the process until it looks clean. Purchase a silver polish. When tarnish develops on silver, a simple salt and aluminum bath may not suffice to remove it. Specially formulated silver jewelry polishes are your safest option for polishing silver jewelry, especially if you are dealing with an antique or a piece that has intricate designs etched into it. Even special polishes can remove a layer of silver, so get a professional cleaning if you're dealing with a delicate piece. Instead of buying silver polish from the drugstore, consider getting it from a jewelry store or a store with a high-quality jewelry department. Rub the jewelry with a little polish. Moisten a soft silver-polishing cloth or the sponge included with the silver polish and take a little bit of polish onto the cloth. Rub the polish into the silver jewelry gently. Use only a straight-line, back-and-forth motion. Avoid scrubbing or rubbing in circles, since this can leave scratches or patterns in the surface of the jewelry. Just let the polish do the job. Rinse and dry the silver jewelry. Rinse it under cool running water. Be sure to clean off all of the polish residue so it won't continue working on the surface of the jewelry. Dry it completely using a soft cloth. Consider using common household products for less rare or less valuable pieces. They will usually work to remove tough tarnish, but may cause damage such as pock marks or scratches. Try them at your own risk. Try toothpaste. Select a plain white toothpaste without the special whitening options. Take a soft, dampened cloth or a damp sponge and put some toothpaste on it. Gently rub over the silver jewelry in straight, back-and-forth motions. Be very gentle, and if you notice scratching at any point, stop and rinse the toothpaste off. As the cloth or sponge becomes dark with tarnish, add more toothpaste to a clean part of the dampened cloth/sponge and continue gently polishing. Rinse thoroughly with warm water and dry with a soft towel. Baking soda may remove stubborn tarnish, but don't use it unless you don't mind the risk of damaging the silver. Make a paste of baking soda and warm water, gently rub it into the surface of the jewelry, and rinse when the tarnish is removed. Try a silver dip. Commercial silver "dips" can dissolve stains without rubbing the silver jewelry, although they may take off a layer of silver. For this reason, they should only be used as a last resort. Contrary to what the word "dip" implies, professionals rarely actually soak silver in these products, at least not for long. Dips are generally harsh, potentially dangerous chemicals, so follow the directions carefully and consult a professional when in doubt. Clean it often. Clean your silver jewelry often, and clean it promptly after use. Silver jewelry that is frequently used rarely has tarnish problems. When tarnish is not yet present, or when it's just beginning to develop, simply wash your silver jewelry in warm (not hot) water with a gentle, phosphate-free detergent. Prompt cleaning is especially important when the silver jewelry has been exposed to certain foods containing sulfur, or those which are acidic or salty. In particular, common foods such as table salt, eggs, some fruits, onions, mayonnaise, and vinegar are harmful to silver. In any case, wash your silver jewelry right away or at least rinse it well with warm water, and don't leave silver sitting in dishwater that may contain traces of these foods. Wash it separately. It's a good idea to wash silver separately from your other silver pieces, like bowls or silverware, because metal sinks and utensils can scratch silver jewelry. You should also avoid using rubber gloves when washing silver, as rubber corrodes silver jewelry. Stainless steel can also damage the finish if it comes into contact with your silver jewelry, so avoid putting it in the sink; use a bowl to wash it in instead. Dry it with a polishing cloth. Use a special polishing cloth or simply a soft, lint-free cloth to gently rub the silver clean after washing. Make sure it gets completely dry. Silver can be so soft that even using a scratchy, rough towel could be enough to make indentations in its surface. Make sure to use a soft cloth. As you dry the jewelry, gently buff the shine back with a soft cotton cloth. Store your silver jewelry correctly. Beyond prompt and frequent cleaning, the best way to preserve your silver is to store it correctly. Make sure each piece is completely dry before storing it. You can buy special bags for storing silver jewelry that prevent them from getting tarnished. If you don't have the bags, use this technique: Wrap each piece of silverware in acid-free tissue paper or anti-tarnish paper. You can also wrap pieces in flannel. Store the silver in a compartment separate from the rest of your jewelry. Never store silver jewelry where it can contact rubber, stainless steel, or paint. 
Let the bread cool completely. Otherwise, the steam and heat will stay trapped in the bread and condense, leaving the bread soggy. Put the bread on a wire rack and let it air out until it feels room temperature. Place the bread in an empty bread box or container and close the lid. Bread boxes are the best option, but if you don't have one, you can also use an air-tight plastic container. Make sure there's some empty space around the bread for air to circulate. Containers trap some moisture to keep the bread from drying, so the open space will help balance that out. If you haven't sliced the bread yet, keep the bread whole when you store it. If you've already sliced into the bread, store it with the cut side down to minimize staleness. Store the bread in your bread box or container for up to 3 days. Although bread boxes and containers preserve the bread's moisture, they don't do much to slow down the molding process. The sooner you eat your gluten-free bread, the better it will taste! If you still have leftovers after 3 days, you'll need to either eat it or  freeze it. Freeze your bread after it's been sitting out longer than 3-4 days. If you've just baked the bread within a couple days, there's no need to freeze it and lose its freshness. Wait until it's about to go bad before wrapping it up and freezing it. Freezing is also useful if you've made a number of loaves to stock up. Cut the bread into individual slices. Use a sharp, un-serrated knife to cut thin, even pieces. Normally you wouldn't slice up the bread to store it, but since it's going into the freezer, this is actually a much better technique! You won't need to defrost and risk compromising the whole loaf whenever you want a slice. Wrap each slice in plenty of plastic freezer-safe wrap. Lay each slice out and wrap it up in several layers. Make sure to use a plastic wrap that feels sturdy, clings well, and will protect your food from freezer burn. After checking that all the sides of the bread are covered, press the edge of the plastic wrap down to seal it. For example, Glad Press'n Seal wrap is a popular choice for freezing food. Store the slices in the freezer for 2-3 weeks. Since bread will lose more moisture in the freezer, it's more likely to get freezer burnt. For the best taste and texture, make sure to eat your bread before the 2-3 weeks run out. To help you remember how old the bread is, use a permanent marker to write the date you froze it on the plastic wrap or a piece of masking tape. Defrost a frozen slice in the toaster or microwave. To keep the bread crisp and firm, toast a frozen piece on a low setting. For a faster alternative, wrap up a slice or 2 in a piece of paper towel before microwaving it for 10-15 seconds. Both techniques will help refresh the bread without losing its shape and structure. Switch out the plastic bag for a bread box or plastic container. Most loaves of bread come in plastic bags, which trap moisture and condense against the bread, making it go soggy. Once you open it up, throw away the plastic bag and store your bread in a bread box or a closed, airtight plastic container. Make sure to leave some open space around the loaf to balance out any trapped moisture. Keep store-bought bread on the counter for 3-4 days, then freeze it. Depending on the ingredients and moisture in the air, your bread may last up to a week. However, if you plan on freezing the bread, waiting a week will leave the loaf too dry to properly freeze and defrost. For maximum freshness, it's best to freeze the loaf after 3-4 days. Wrap each individual slice in freezer-safe plastic wrap. Separate out the slices of bread and use several layers of sturdy plastic wrap to wrap them up. This method is much more convenient than freezing the whole loaf together, since it lets you easily grab a slice whenever you need to! Make sure your cling wrap is labeled “freezer-safe.” Gluten-free bread can easily develop freezer burn from lack of moisture, so it's important to wrap each slice well. Freeze your bread for up to 2-3 weeks. Just like homemade gluten-free bread, store-bought only lasts less than a month. Watch for freezer burn and make sure to eat your bread while it's freshest. To make it easier to remember when you froze the bread, use a permanent marker to write the freezing date on each slice's plastic wrap. Refresh your bread by toasting or microwaving it for 10-15 seconds. Grab a slice or 2 from the freezer and unwrap them. For softer, moister bread, wrap 1 or 2 slices in paper towel and microwave them for 10-15 seconds. For crispier, more structured slices, toast your bread on the lowest heat setting. Wait until the bread is completely cool before cutting it. If you cut it while it's still warm, the bread will lose its shape and a good deal of moisture. Let the bread sit out on a wire rack until it feels cool to the touch. This way, you can slice the bread as thinly as you want without making the top collapse. Avoid storing your gluten-free bread in the refrigerator. This goes for both homemade and store-bought bread. Although the refrigerator will prevent mold, its low moisture level will dry the bread out quickly. This may work out if you're making bread crumbs, but if you don't want to sacrifice your bread's freshness, skip the fridge and freeze it instead! Don't keep your bread in a paper or sealed plastic bag. Both options tend to trap moisture against gluten-free bread, making it go soggy. Instead, use airtight containers that leave some empty space around the bread to balance out the trapped moisture. Finished.  
Wash your hair about 2-3 times a week. Keeping your hair clean is a must, but washing it too frequently may actually be thinning your hair. Each wash rinses out oils and nutrients produced by your scalp. Over time, this can cause your hair to become brittle and break, so try to wash your hair as infrequently as possible. If you have very fine hair or you exercise (or sweat) a lot, you might need to wash your hair daily. Otherwise, skipping a day or two is perfectly fine. Use conditioner every time you wash your hair to restore moisture. Look for a sulfate-free shampoo. Most shampoos and conditioners contain harsh detergents, called sulfates, that can dry out your hair and cause breakage. When you're choosing a shampoo, you can stay away from sulfates by avoiding products with the ingredients sodium lauryl sulfate, sodium laureth sulfate, or ammonium lauryl sulfate. These ingredients are sometimes abbreviated SLS or ALS. Look for a shampoo that's made with natural ingredients like echinacea, coconut milk, or argan, marula, and jojoba oils. Look for one that's formulated to your hair type, whether that's dry, oily, curly, or damaged. Spray your hair with dry shampoo when it looks oily. If your hair gets too oily, it can actually look thinner, which is one of the drawbacks of washing your hair less often. To prevent this, invest in a dry shampoo. Shake the dry shampoo can and hold it 8–10 in (20–25 cm) away from your head, then spray it onto your roots in short bursts. Just like when you look for a regular shampoo, you should choose a dry shampoo that's formulated for your hair type. If you have very dark hair, look for a dark-tinted dry shampoo so it doesn't leave a chalky white film on your hair. Avoid extensive use of hot tools on your hair. When possible, avoid using a blow dryer, flat iron, or curling iron. These tools can burn the ends of your hair, causing split-ends and breakage. This, in turn, makes your hair look thinner. If you do want to use heat to style your hair, spray on a heat protectant first, and limit the use of hot tools to about once a week. Let your hair air-dry when possible, and save styling tools for special occasions. If you don't like the way your hair naturally dries, apply frizz-fighting products to wet hair so that hair dries smoothly. Use the lowest possible temperature setting for your hair type. For example, thin hair may only need a temperature of about 200 °F (93 °C) while thick hair may require a temperature of 350 °F (177 °C). Stay away from harsh hair dye. It can be fun and exciting to color your hair, but some bleach and other chemicals can have a drying-out effect that, when coupled with styling tools, can cause serious damage to your hair. Avoid using these harsh chemicals on your hair. If you really want to change your hair color, opt for natural means of lightening or coloring your strands, or try using vegan or semi-permanent hair dyes, which can be less damaging. Brush your hair starting at the ends and working your way up. Brushing your hair regularly is great for the overall health of your mane, but it can be damaging if done incorrectly. When you're detangling your hair, use a wide-tooth plastic comb to brush out your hair, instead of a bristled brush. Start at the ends of your hair and work your way up the hair shaft. Once your hair is detangled, brush from roots to tips with a bristled brush to distribute the natural oils from your scalp through the ends of your hair. Avoid brushing your hair while it's wet, as this is when your hair is most fragile and prone to breakage. Try to brush your hair once a day to spread out the oils and stimulate the scalp. Make a protein mask if you want to strengthen your hair. Your hair is made up of a protein called keratin. Keratin is also found in eggs, which is why this mask is excellent for strengthening your strands. Mix 1-2 eggs (depending on the length of your hair) with about 1 tablespoon (15 mL) of fresh aloe vera gel. Completely coat your locks and allow it to soak in for 10-15 minutes. When the time's up, rinse the mask out with warm water. Adding protein to your hair too often can actually weaken it, so limit your use of protein treatments to once or twice per month. Coat your hair in a fenugreek paste to thicken your strands. Fenugreek seeds aren't just good for your health, they can remove and reduce dandruff while thickening your hair. Soak 2 tbsp (22.2 g) of the seeds in water for 8-10 hours, then blend them in a food processor to create a thick paste. Apply the paste to your hair. Let it sit for 30 minutes, then rinse it out using the water the seeds soaked in. You can find fenugreek seeds, also known as methi seeds, at health food stores or online. Give yourself a hot oil massage to stimulate your scalp. Natural oils, especially olive, coconut, and jojoba, help to strengthen hair and promote growth. Massaging the scalp stimulates the hair follicles, helping them to produce hair. Combine these by warming ⁄ 4 – ⁄ 2 cup (59–118 mL) of your favorite oil to a comfortable temperature, then massage it into your scalp. You can additionally let it set in your hair for 30 to 60 minutes before rinsing it out, or you can just leave it in your hair without rinsing if desired. To gently warm the oil without risking a burn, place the oil container in a bowl of hot water for about 3 minutes. Create a fruit mask to pack your hair with vitamins. The nutrients and antioxidants in fruit aren't just great for eating. They also help to add thickness and shine to your hair. Make a mask out of fresh fruit by combining half of a mashed avocado and half of a mashed banana with 1 tbsp (6 g) of grated orange peel. Cover your whole head in the mask and leave it on for 20-30 minutes. Rinse it off, then shampoo and condition as you normally would afterward. Eat foods rich in protein, vitamins B, C, D, and E, and zinc. The nutrients in the food you eat can help strengthen the hair follicle and promote growth. In general, try to include more fresh fruits and vegetables, seeds, nuts, and whole grains to thicken your hair naturally. Examples of hair-fortifying foods include walnuts, eggs, spinach, flax seeds, lentils, and blueberries. Minimize your stress. It's not just an idiom when people blame thinning hair on increased stress levels. If you're noticing your hair thinning, your stress levels could be to blame, and you might not even be aware of it. Taking steps to minimize your stress could create a significant change in your hair's health. Take some time to think about what stresses you out the most, then decide whether to remove the stressor or to learn new coping techniques. You can't always eliminate stress, but you can change how you deal with it. When you feel stressed out, try practicing deep breathing exercises, go for a run, or try a relaxing activity like yoga or meditation. Practicing mindfulness, where you focus on what's physically around you in the moment rather than worrying about things you can't change, is also an effective technique for managing stress. In some cases, you might be able to make changes that remove the stress from your life. For instance, if you're constantly stressed out about your job, you might consider changing careers. If there's a person in your life who makes you feel stressed, it might be better for you to spend a little time away from them. Take a hair-boosting supplement if you need more nutrients. It's not always easy to get all the nutrients that your hair needs to grow, so help your body out by taking supplements. Take a multivitamin that contains iron, B vitamins, zinc, and protein once a day. It may take several months, but you should start seeing shiny, thick locks. Other hair-friendly supplements include ingredients like biotin, niacin, amino acids, and collagen. Check the side effects of your medications if you notice hair loss. Some medications that create hormonal imbalances can cause your hair to fall out. The most likely culprit for thinning hair is the birth control pill, but any prescription medication that changes your hormone levels could be to blame. Talk to your doctor and see if there is a substitute to your hair-damaging meds. Get a layered haircut so your hair will appear thicker. While you can't control your genetics, you can use the power of illusion to make your hair appear thicker. Ask your hairdresser for the best cut and style to create thickness and volume in your hair. Get your hair trimmed every 6-8 weeks to keep it looking fresh and full. Add layers to create fullness, especially if your hair is very straight. If you are feeling daring, consider getting bangs. The contrast between your bangs and the rest of your hair will help accentuate length. Add in a few highlights to play up your hair's volume. Highlights add dimension to your hair, making it appear fuller. However, bleaching your hair extensively can cause breakage, so stay within your natural color range, or ask your stylist to use semi- or demi-permanent dyes. Get hair extensions to add even more volume. Hair extensions involve temporarily attaching either real or synthetic hair to your head. They can be held in place using thread or glue, or they can clip into place. Extensions can be a great way to add length, volume, and color to your hair. However, if your hair is already thin or damaged, extensions might not be your best option, as they can cause more damage. If you have glue-in or sew-in extensions, they must be replaced every 3 months as your hair grows out. These extensions range in price from $100-$1,000 per set. Clip-in extensions should be taken out at the end of each day. They're much cheaper, but they also look less realistic. Use a balding treatment to reverse mild hair loss. If your hair loss is extreme, visit your local pharmacy and getting an over-the-counter hair treatment cream, or talk to your doctor about a prescription cream. When applied on a daily basis, these help to increase hair growth in bald or thinning patches on your head. Make sure to follow all safety precautions on these labels. For instance, products intended for treating hair loss in men can be extremely dangerous if they're handled by a pregnant woman. Get a hair transplant to treat permanent loss. For extreme thinning or balding, consider a hair transplant. This surgical technique targets hair loss by transferring hair to the balding area from another part of the body. Talk to your doctor to determine whether this treatment option is safe and viable for you. Men tend to be better candidates for these surgeries, but they can be an option for women too. Splurge on a laser comb if you want an at-home treatment. A product that's just as high-tech as it sounds, a laser comb is a relatively new innovation that uses lasers to stimulate hair growth. You just turn on the power to the comb, then slowly brush along your scalp. These combs start at about $250 for a quality set, but you can use them yourself, and it can be a value over pricier treatments like surgery. Laser treatments often work best in combination with another treatment. Try a keratin treatment to add thickness and encourage growth. Available at most high-end salons, keratin treatments can increase hair growth and add thickness and shine to your hair. They will also make your hair frizz-free. You should be aware that keratin treatments may contain formaldehyde. Depending on the salon you go to, these treatments can cost upward of $50 per visit. 
Remove clogs. When your garbage disposal starts to smell, there's a chance that there's a clog in the unit somewhere that's causing the bad odor. In order to get rid of the odor, you must first remove the clog. When cleaning the disposal, never stick your hand into the drain, even if the appliance is turned off. To remove clogs: Unplug the garbage disposal Shine a flashlight into the drain to see if you can locate any large clogs, stuck food, or other blockages Use tongs, long tweezers, or pliers to remove the blockage Plug the appliance back in Turn on the water, turn on the disposal, and run the disposal for a minute Turn off the disposal, followed by the water Soak the garbage disposal in soapy water. Because the disposal is always processing and draining, it can be difficult to give it a good soaking and cleaning. This means food particles can get trapped in the disposal, and they'll start to smell eventually. To soak the disposal for a thorough cleaning: Put a plug in the garbage disposal drain Fill the sink with at least 4 inches (10 cm) of water Add 2 teaspoons (10 ml) of liquid dish soap Swish the water around to create suds Unplug the drain Turn on the garbage disposal and let it process the soapy water Turn off the disposal when the water has drained out Scrub the visible parts of the appliance. Once you've soaked the garbage disposal housing and loosened any food particles that might be trapped, you can scrub the disposal to dislodge any crumbs that are still stuck. To scrub the visible parts of the appliance: Rinse a dish wand or scrub brush with water Pour a liberal amount of liquid dish soap onto the brush Scrub the accessible parts of the garbage disposal, including the rim in the sink basin and the inside of the drain Scrub the inside of the unit. Put at least 10 ice cubes into the basin where the garbage disposal is. Cover the ice cubes with ½ cup (96 g) of coarse salt. Turn on a slow stream of water, turn on the disposal, and push the ice cubes and salt toward the drain. Run the disposal until the ice cubes and salt are gone. The ice cubes will help dislodge any stuck-on food particles, and the salt will scrub the impeller blades and remove possible odor sources. Flush the appliance with cold water. To flush out any leftover debris or remnants, turn the cold water on full blast and direct the stream into the garbage disposal drain. Turn on the garbage disposal and let it and the water run for one to two minutes. Always turn the water on before running the disposal, and turn the disposal off before shutting off the water. Use baking soda and vinegar to get rid of smells. Baking soda is a great odor absorber and vinegar is a wonderful cleaner. Best of all, the two are safe to use in your garbage disposal. To clean, disinfect, and deodorize the garbage disposal with these two ingredients: Pour 2 cups (440 g) of baking soda into the garbage disposal drain Slowly pour in ½ cup (118 ml) of vinegar Let the cleaner sit for an hour After an hour, turn on the water and the disposal and run it for a minute Use vinegar cubes in the garbage disposal. You can combine the cleaning power of vinegar and the scrubbing power of ice cubes to clean and deodorize your garbage disposal. Fill an empty ice cube tray with vinegar. Place the tray in the freezer and let the cubes freeze overnight. In the morning, remove the vinegar cubes from the tray and pour them into the disposal drain Turn on a low stream of water, turn on the disposal, and let it run until the cubes are gone Freshen up with lemon peels. Citrus peels contain powerful cleaners, and they make everything smell great. To make your garbage disposal smell like fresh lemons, juice a lemon and reserve the juice for another use. Cut up the peel into 1-inch (2.5-cm) chunks. Turn on the water, turn on the disposal, and feed the lemon peels into the disposal a few at a time. You can use any citrus peel for cleaning and deodorizing your disposal, including orange, lime, or grapefruit. Don’t put fibrous foods in the disposal. One of the keys to preventing odors in your garbage disposal is making sure you don't put in the wrong foods. The wrong foods can clog the disposal, jam the motor, clog the drains, and leave rotting and smelly food stuck in the drain. Fibrous foods to avoid include banana peels, artichoke, celery, onion skin, and corn husks. Avoid putting starchy or expandable foods in the disposal. Foods that contain a lot of starch or that expand when wet are also a bad idea in the garbage disposal, because they can get thick and sticky and gum up the impeller. Foods of this nature to avoid include: Potatoes Rice Bread Pasta Cut larger items into smaller pieces. Large chunks of food can clog the disposal and get stuck in the drain, and this can lead to bad food smells coming from the drain. To deal with large pieces of food, cut them into smaller 1-inch (2.5-cm) cubes before feeding them into the disposal. Similarly, putting too much food into the disposal at once can also cause problems, so only add food in small quantities. Run water every time you use the appliance. The garbage disposal needs a steady stream of water to process food properly, and you should never run the disposal unless you're running the water too. When you're processing food, run a strong stream of cold water with it. Always turn the water on before you run the disposal, keep the water running as long as the disposal is on, and run the water for at least five seconds after you turn the disposal off. If you don't run the water long enough, food can get caught in the disposal, can dry onto the blades and housing, and can cause bad odors. Don’t use hot water. When you use hot water to run the garbage disposal, the heat can liquefy any grease or fat that's in the disposal or the drain. The problem here is that once the grease cools farther down the pipes, it will congeal on the walls of the pipes and cause clogs. As the grease ages, it will start to smell, and if food gets stuck in the drain because of the grease, it will also cause bad odors. Because grease can accumulate on pipe walls and cause blockages, you shouldn't put grease into the garbage disposal. Clean the blades regularly with hard materials. Another important thing to remember when you want to prevent garbage disposal smells is to keep the blades clean. You can do this by running hard materials through the disposal every few days at least. Good hard materials that can clean the blades include: Egg shells Chicken bones Small fruit pits, such as cherry pits Fish bones Ice cubes 
Be aware of the purpose of a dramatic monologue. Unlike a typical monologue, a dramatic monologue should have an outpouring of feeling from the speaker. As well, it should advance the story or narrative by clarifying the speaker's intentions, wants or beliefs, or altering the speaker's relationship with the other characters. A dramatic monologue usually occurs when a character is facing an extreme crisis, a dramatic moment in the plot, or a “do-or-die” situation where simple actions can no longer suitably convey the immense feeling or desire the character is dealing with. An effective dramatic monologue should express the goal, agenda, or backstory of the speaker. It can also try to enlist the support of other characters or the audience, or attempt to change the hearts and minds of the audience or the listener. A dramatic monologue can be used in theater, poetry and film. Understand the role of the dramatic monologue in theater. A dramatic monologue in theater is an uninterrupted speech made by a character and is an expression of the character's inner thoughts and feelings. A monologue differs from a soliloquy in that a soliloquy is literally a character talking to him/herself. A dramatic monologue has an implied audience, as the character will usually be speaking to another character in the monologue. You are likely familiar with the famous soliloquy in Shakespeare's Hamlet, (“To be or not to be…”) but the play also has a number of dramatic monologues, including one by the ghost of Hamlet's father. Addressing Hamlet in the dramatic monologue, the ghost begins by identifying himself (“I am thy father's spirit”) before revealing to Hamlet that he was murdered by his brother, Hamlet's uncle, and the crown was stolen from him: The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown. Thy uncle, Ay, that incestuous, that adulterous beast, With witchcraft of his wit, with traitorous gifts-- O wicked wit and gifts, that have the power So to seduce! -- won to his shameful lust The will of my most seeming-virtuous queen. Shakespeare uses a dramatic monologue to provide Hamlet's motivation to kill Claudius and to give Hamlet's father an emotional presence in the play through a direct address to Hamlet and by extension, to the audience. Understand the role of a dramatic monologue in poetry. A dramatic monologue in poetry, also known as a personal poem, shares many characteristics with a theatrical monologue. There is an implied audience, there is no dialogue, and the poet speaks through an assumed voice, like a character. The monologue is dramatic in that is is meant to be read to an audience. In poetry, a dramatic monologue allows the poet to express a point of view through a certain character. Robert Hayden's Night, Death, Mississippi is a good example of a dramatic monologue in poetry, as the poem adopts the voice of an aging KKK member, listening to the sound of a lynching outside but too old to join the other KKK members. With a stanza such as: Christ, it was better than hunting bear which don't know why you want him dead. Using the device of the dramatic monologue in the poem, Hayden is able to create powerful emotion through taking on the disturbing and violent voice of a character. Look at several examples of dramatic monologues. There's a wealth of great monologues in poetry, plays, novels, and film that can serve as models for your own dramatic monologue. It may be useful to look specifically at: Robert Browning's poem “My Last Duchess”. Madame Ranevsky's monologue in Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard. The Indianapolis monologue in Spielberg's Jaws. Jules' shepherd monologue in Tarantino's Pulp Fiction. Analyze a monologue. Try to do more than read it over and instead, consider how it is working from a craft perspective. You may ask questions such as: To whom is the speaker addressing in the monologue? What does the speaker want from the addressee or receiver of the monologue? Why is the speaker performing the monologue at this point in the story? How does this monologue affect the overall plot and/or development of the speaker, as well as the other characters in the scene or in the story? What kind of language or description is the speaker using? What gives the speaker a unique or distinct voice? If we look at Jules' shepherd monologue in Tarantino's “Pulp Fiction” as an example , the monologue occurs at the very end of the film, in the climax of a scene: the robbery of a diner. Jules: Well there's this passage I got memorized. Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." The speaker is the character Jules Winnfield, a hit man played by Samuel L. Jackson. In previous scenes in the film, we are shown Jules and his partner, Vincent Vega (John Travolta) carrying out a hit on a group of college kids who stole money from their boss, Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). During the hit, one of the kids shoots at Jules and Vincent, but, by some miracle, none of the bullets end up killing either men. Jules takes it as a sign from a higher power and during this dramatic monologue, explains that he is reconsidering his stance on killing others, or being “the tyranny of evil.” The dramatic monologue occurs at a key character moment for Jules, and the receiver of the monologue, a robber named “Honey Bunny”, becomes a stand in for all of the other people Jules has killed in the past. The monologue ends with Jules putting down his gun and allowing the robbers to leave unharmed, a major moment of character development. In terms of language use, Jules quotes a passage from the Bible, Ezekiel 25:17, which is a throwback to the earlier scene where he kills the college kids. Using Biblical language and then analyzing the more formal, poetic language of the Bible with curse words and casual slang like “my righteous ass” and “tryin'” instead of “trying”, Jules' character expresses himself with a distinct tone and style in the monologue that is consistent with his speech and voice in previous scenes in the film. Consider how the dramatic monologue will serve your story. Think about which character or characters' development could be furthered in your story by a dramatic monologue. Though your main character or one of your principal characters will likely go through the most character development, or be changed or altered by a conflict or event in the story, they do not necessarily need to be the speaker in the dramatic monologue. For example, the ghost monologue in Hamlet is serving the overall story in two ways: it relays key information to the play's protagonist (Hamlet), thereby setting him up to fulfill a revenge plot to get back at his murderous uncle and also adds to the feeling of unnatural occurrences or not quite reality in the play. So, though the ghost is not a major character, having the ghost as the speaker of the monologue still serves the overall story and furthers the action of the main character in the play. Comparatively, Jules' monologue in “Pulp Fiction” serves to further character development in the story by allowing one of the main characters to express their emotions and explain the way his understanding of his work and of himself have evolved. The monologue illustrates the character's progression from the beginning of the story to the end of the story and lets the viewer know a change or shift has occurred for that character. Determine where you are going to place the dramatic monologue in your story. Once you have identified the purpose of the dramatic monologue in your story (to relay information to the audience? to create dramatic tension? to signal a character shift or change?), you will need to figure out how it will fit into a scene. If it is a monologue that will show character development, you may want to place it towards the mid point or climax of the story or towards the end of the story. If it is a monologue that is going to spoken by a minor character to relay information to a main character or add to the theme or mood of the story, you may want to place it earlier in the action of the story. For example, the ghost monologue in Hamlet occurs early in the play, Act I, Scene 5. By the time the ghost appears, Shakespeare has already established Hamlet as a the main character as well as his unease or melancholy nature, and the “foul” or troubled state of the kingdom of Denmark. The monologue then moves the story forward as it causes Hamlet to take action, thereby furthering the overall plot. Comparably, Jules' monologue takes place in the last scene of the film, and functions to show that Jules has changed or shifted. The previous scenes all served to illustrate Jules' journey as a main character and prepares the audience for his moment of realization. The monologue resolves the conflict he struggled with throughout the rest of the film, so it is placed at the end of the film as a moment of resolution. Create a first draft. Remember that with a first draft, you are trying to get a feel for the character's voice and the way they might express their desires or concerns. Don't put pressure on yourself to create a perfect first attempt, as you will be rewriting, editing, and redrafting it. Remember to: Use your character's voice. Keep in mind the language, description, and tone of that character. Focus on sensory details like taste, touch, sound, etc. to engage the audience's empathy or emotion for the character by engaging their senses. Use the present tense. This is happening now and should have a sense of urgency. Start with a compelling beginning sentence or phrase. While it is ideal to have a hook beginning, a catchy line or phrase that will engage the viewer's attention, make sure the monologue fits within the current scene or has enough build up to justify its presence in the scene. You could begin the scene with a short introduction to the speaker, such as in the ghost monologue: “I am thy father's spirit.” You could then have the speaker and the other character(s) have a conversation or dialogue to build up the monologue, such as in the diner scene with Jules' monologue, where Jules asks if the robber (Tim Roth) reads the Bible before launching into the monologue with a Biblical passage. Move into rising action or tension. Create a build up to a reveal or explore the speaker's motive or desire. It should be clear what the speaker is trying to communicate to the listener. In the ghost monologue, the ghost (speaker) starts a dialogue with Hamlet and over the course of the dialogue, the ghost says lines like "Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder". Gradually, the ghost's motive for speaking to Hamlet becomes clearer. In Jules' monologue, he recites a passage from the Bible that will frame his larger point about the “tyranny of evil”. The passage also has a double meaning as it was used by Jules in an earlier scene right before he killed the college kids. This is a callback to the previous scene but it places the same passage within a different moment in the character's journey. The context for the passage has changed for Jules and as a result, it has also changed for the audience. Create a climax. Just as in the story as a whole, the climax of the monologue should change the scope of the story and be a pivotal point for the speaker's development or for the character listening to the speaker. In the ghost monologue, the climax occurs once the ghost has detailed how he was poisoned by his own brother, Hamlet's uncle, and his crown and queen was stolen from him. This is a game changer for Hamlet (and by extension, the audience), as it then moves Hamlet to avenge his father's death and also allows the audience to have sympathy for the wrongful death of Hamlet's father. In Jules' monologue, the climax occurs when Jules notes that the listener (the robber) is “weak” and he is the “tyranny of evil” but, despite this evil, he is “tryin' real hard to be the shepherd”. This climax indicates the robbers will likely live instead of die, and also illustrate the reason why Jules decides to give up his life as a hitman and be a “shepherd” rather than be an active part of the “tyranny of evil.” Finish with a resolution. End the monologue with a moment of realization from the speaker and/or the listener and then let the larger story continue or end. The ghost monologue ends with a call to action for Hamlet to avenge his murder. In the rest of the scene, Hamlet acknowledges this new information about his murderous uncle and responds to the ghost's call to vengeance by vowing to get even. At the end of Jules' monologue, he punctuates his desire to be a “shepherd” rather than part of the “tyranny of evil” by cocking his gun and placing it on the table, thereby allowing the robbers to leave the scene unharmed. Place the monologue within the larger story or piece and consider how it works. Now that you feel you have a solid draft of the monologue, consider how it functions within the rest of the story. Ensure the monologue flows well within the larger story. There should be enough build up or dramatic tension in the moments before the monologue occurs to justify the need for a dramatic monologue. The audience should be prepared, rather than surprised or confused, by the monologue. Read the monologue aloud to yourself. Does the monologue sound natural? Does it sound like something the character would say? Check the timing of the monologue. Does it take too long to get started? Should it end sooner? What can be cut from the draft? Look for places where the monologue sounds redundant or the same point is stated in different ways. Read the monologue out loud to others. Feedback from a live audience can help you identify issues or edits you may have overlooked. Ask your listeners if they understood the overall message or purpose of the monologue. If you are writing a dramatic monologue for a play or film, it may be useful to have two people act out the scene with the monologue. Have someone read the monologue back to you. Listening to someone else interpret your words is a great way to see if your message is clear, the character voice is believable, and there is enough detail in the monologue. Continue revising. Many of the most celebrated monologues are the result of many, many drafts and revisions. Don't be afraid to kill your darlings, which is a phrase in literature that means don't be precious about removing words or terms that seem out of place or there for the sake of style, rather than substance. 
Make a hole in the cap of a 1 liter Plastic bottle. This is about the size of the large soda bottles you can buy at a grocery store.Poke a ⁄ 4 inch (0.6 cm) hole into the cap of a 20 ounce bottle with a sharp object like a knife or sharp pen. It needs to be big enough to fit the bottom of the quarter inch socket but not so big that the socket falls all the way through. The bottom of the socket is the smaller cylindrical portion. This part should poke down through the bottle cap if the cap is on the bottle. The larger bowl portion of the socket will act as a bottleneck and brace against the bottle cap to stop it from falling into the bottle. It would be best to start with a smaller hole and make it larger, because if you make it too big you'll need an entirely new cap. Place a socket in the cap. You can buy a small socket wrench piece at any hardware sore. The socket will be the part of the bong that you put your herbs into eventually, which is called the bowl. Put the quarter inch socket into the hole that you just made in the cap. It should fit snugly and not jiggle. You definitely don't want it to fall into the bottle – the bottle will ultimately be filled with some dirty water after you have smoked it. This socket will be used as your bowl. Instead of using a bowl you can also roll a joint and stick it in the hole at the top. If the connection feels a little loose you can stick a bit of gum around the edges to give it a firmer connection. Tape is a little more difficult but could also work. For an even better seal and overall better hit, consider using a glass bowl and rubber grommet from a real bong. An easier way to make a bowl is to shape it out using tin foil and just put it over the hole where the cap should go. Poke holes in the tin foil for the smoke to go through. Make your carb. The carb is a small hole in a smoking device that you hold shut while you light the herb. When you are ready to take your hit you release your finger from the carb and the pressure change causes all the smoke to rush into your lungs. Examine the bottom of your 1 liter bottle. You should notice a bunch of small notches at the bottom of the bottle that serves as it base. Cut or burn a small hole directly above one of these notches. You don't need the hole to be very big - just big enough to allow some airflow. This hole serves as your carb. The hole will be on the side of the bottle toward the bottom. Excessive use of lighter to melt the plastic can makes holes too big and/or plastic too weak. Fill the bottle with some water. Take the cap off and fill your bottle with water. You should fill it to about an inch from the top while holding the carb closed with your finger. This will stop the water from leaking out. Don't let go if you are holding the carb with your finger. If you plan to smoke immediately you should fill the socket bowl with weed and get a lighter before you fill the bottle with water. Fill the bowl with whatever you are smoking. Remember that you are putting it into the socket that you placed inside the cap. Screw the entire cap on once it is filled with your smokable product. Ground smoking material will work better, as it will restrict incoming airflow less than solid matter will. Take the pieces of herb and rip it up into small pieces, about the size of bead or a very small pebble. Place the pieces of herb into the bowl – remember your bowl is the head of the socket. Keep your finger on the carb until you are ready to smoke. Make sure you are in a place where it is okay for the water to spill out, like over a sink or a pool or outside. Part of the process is having the water empty out of the bottle while the smoke replaces it. Now let go of the carb and as the water is pouring out of the carb, light the bowl. While the water level is lowering the bong will pull in the smoke from the bowl. Wait until all the water is completely out. Now cover the carb again with your finger. The bottle should be filled with smoke. Now you are ready to smoke it. Breathe in. Screw off the bowl and start sucking in. As you suck in let go of the carb. This change in pressure in the bottle will help funnel the smoke into your lungs. Be prepared for a large hit. Try to breathe the air in deeply. Breathing in air will bring the smoke into your lungs. Repeat the process as many times as you want. Change the bottle about once a week. It gets dirty after frequent use. 
Listen to her. Eyes can be expressive and portray a great range of emotion, but never presume that someone's eyes can indicate that they want something counter to what they have said they want. Before trying to read a woman's eyes, listen plainly to what she says and take her words to heart. For example, do not assume a woman's eyes say “Yes,” when she is plainly stating “No” to your offers or propositions. Respect her words over the perceived value you want to see reflected in her expression. Make eye contact. You cannot read a woman's eyes without looking at them. Make eye contact with her, and hold it throughout your interaction. This will allow you to see the full range of emotions that she may express with her eyes. Try to avoid intense stares. Make polite eye contact when someone speaks, but do not stare a woman down after she has stopped talking or if something else is calling your attention. Watch her expression. Look at what form her face takes when she says she is excited about something. Look at her eyes when she is talking about something that makes her upset or angry. Watch her to learn what expressions coordinate with her emotions. Listen to what she's saying to give you an idea of what she is feeling. For example, when she says, “I really like learning about this subject,” take a look at her eyes and remember that expression as one that indicates joy. Watch her pupils. People have very little control over when or why their pupils dilate, which can make them very telling. Talk to a woman about something you know she finds interesting and look at her pupils. Then change the subject to something you think she'll find less interesting and look for change. When a person is interested in something, their pupils will likely dilate somewhat. Look to the pupils as a sign that a woman is interested in a certain topic. Check her eyebrows. Often, people move their eyebrows to underscore or emphasize something. Raised eyebrows are often a sign of friendliness and welcoming, and generally signal someone showing that you have their attention. Conversely, raised eyebrows and constricted pupils together may mean surprise or shock. Lowered eyebrows or a single raised eyebrow may show frustration or skepticism. Pay attention to the eye shape. Every eye has a natural shape, but eye shape can also be impacted by squinting or opening eyes wider. Check her eye shape to see if she is squinting, open-eyed, or if her eyes are in an otherwise normal position. Squinting may indicate suspicion or mistrust. If you are not in an improperly-lit area, which may also cause squinting, ask the woman directly if something is bothering her. Wide open eyes can indicate happiness or excitement. Take note of what makes this women open her eyes wide to find out more about her interests and passions. Do not trust the eyes. Eyes can be a powerful tool for flirting, but they also often miss the mark. Research suggests that someone trying to make flirtatious eye contact with another will have to try at least three times before the other person notices. Don't depend on her eyes to tell you if she is interested. Understand that a woman making frequent eye contact or avoiding eye contact may not be a sign of her romantic interests. If you want to know about a woman's romantic feelings, you will get the most direct answer from politely inquiring directly. Watch where her eyes go. Some eye reading practitioners believe that you can tell a flirtatious gaze by watching where a woman's eyes look on you. In flirtatious situations, the eyes are said to scan you in a triangular pattern from one side of the body to the other, then down and up again. Looking directly at someone's mouth is also often thought to be part of a flirty gaze. Time her blinks. There is some evidence to suggest that a woman may blink more frequently when looking at the person she desires. The average person blinks 15-20 times a minute. Check to see if she is blinking more frequently around certain people as a potential indicator of attraction. People often blink at different speeds. Compare the blinking around the person a woman desires to the amount she blinks when that individual is not around. Ask for clarification. Reading eyes or facial expressions can be confusing is often inconsistent. Do not be afraid to ask a woman for clarification regarding what her facial expressions convey. If you believe a woman is indicating romantic interest with her eyes, try letting her know by saying, “I get the sense that you like this person. Is that the case?” Do not assume that the eyes say something different than what she indicates verbally. Accept a woman's answer when you ask for clarification, even if you aren't certain her expressions correspond with what she's saying. 
Remove the head of the trout. Filleting should be done when you wish to serve only the finest cut of the fish, rather than cooking it whole. Start by cutting through the neck of the trout at the groove of the gills. Angle the blade of your knife so that you're cutting toward the head rather than the body to preserve the meat. Always use a filleting knife or other sharp blade when preparing fish. This results in much neater, more economical cuts. Cut the first fillet along the top of the backbone. Place the trout on its side with the belly facing away from you. Start a small cut on the top side of the backbone at the opening where you removed the head. Insert your filleting knife into this groove and run the knife down the length of the fish, staying just above the backbone. Finish by slicing through the section at the base of the tail. You now have a clean, meaty fillet. If you're staying close enough to the backbone, you should be able to hear an audible clicking as you slice through the rib bones. Flip the trout over and cut the second fillet. Turn the trout over on its opposite side and repeat the filleting process. Start the cut at the head and slice smoothly along the upper edge of the backbone until the entire fillet has been cut away. Remove the pin bones. Place each fillet skin side down and pick out each and every pin bone you find. Scrape along the flesh with your knife or pick up each fillet and flex it to expose bones that are lodged deep. Nothing ruins a fresh fish dinner like a mouthful of crunchy bones! It's alright if you don't get every last tiny bone—even professional chefs sometimes miss a few. Get rid of the skin. Now that the trout has been filleted and deboned, you only need to make one more cut to remove the skin. Take hold of the fillet on the tail end and use your filleting knife to cut into the flesh at an angle until you reach the outer layer of skin. Run the knife edge along the bottom of the fillet while tugging the skin lightly in the opposite direction. The skin should come away clean. Repeat with the second fillet and you're ready to grill , bake or fry! Again, while it is not necessary to remove the skin prior to cooking, it is commonly done when filleting fish and makes it easier to eat. Snip away the outer anatomy of the trout. If you intend to serve the trout whole, deboning it with scissors will allow you to keep the fish intact. Start by using the scissors to cut away the fins, the tail and any loose flaps of skin that might get in your way while you're cutting. If the head has not already been removed, use a sharp knife to cut into the upper area of the gills just below the trout's head; there are natural grooves here that serve as vents to the gills and make the perfect place to cut to remove the head. It's not necessary to remove the skin prior to cooking. When removing the head, bear down on the knife and use a quick chopping strike on the back of the blade to sever the backbone without making a mess. Cut along the length of the belly. Make a small incision in the uppermost part of the trout's belly where you removed the head. Slowly cut down the length of the belly. Use long, smooth motions with the scissors to keep the cut neat and prevent mangling the fish. Keep cutting until you've covered the length of the belly, ending where the tail was. Raw fish sometimes contains small parasites and harmful bacteria. Remember to wash the scissors after using them. Loosen the backbone. Open up the body of the trout by separating the fish at the cut you just made. Place the trout flesh side down against the cutting board. Run a narrow, blunt surface, such as the knife's handle or the tip of your finger, along the backside of the trout where the backbone sits. Apply a moderate amount of pressure and make a few quick passes. This will help loosen the backbone so that it can be extracted with less difficulty. Be careful not to apply so much pressure that you damage the meat. The idea is just to start coaxing the backbone and ribcage away from the body of the fish. Remove the backbone and ribcage. Turn the trout back over, skin side down. Take hold of the backbone nearest the tail section and pull it up and away from the flesh to remove it. Pull slowly and gradually, taking care not to tear away flesh or break any bones. When done correctly, the ribcage should come away effortlessly with the backbone. You can also score alongside the edges of the backbone with your filleting knife if you're having a hard time getting it out in one piece. Don't worry if the ribcage doesn't come out as smoothly as you'd life. You'll be picking out leftover bones anyway. Pull out any remaining bones. With the backbone and ribcage gone, you're left with a nice piece of fish that has been cut down the center and opened up; this is what's known as “butterflying.” Keep the trout skin side down and run the blade of the knife along the length of the fish at an angle. This will dislodge any of the small, delicate rib bones (also called “pin bones”) remaining in the flesh so that they can be removed by hand or with tweezers. Most of the remaining pin bones will be found in the darker meat around the center of the trout. Remove as many of the pin bones as you can to avoid any unpleasant surprises while eating. Cook the trout. For this method, you'll start by cooking the trout completely before removing the bones. The heat from the cooking process will loosen up the connective tissues around the backbone, making it easy to simply peel away. Cooking the fish before deboning allows it to retain more of its natural flavor; the bones can then be quickly and effortlessly discarded. Whatever method you prefer should work just fine for cooking a whole fish, as long as the heat is not so intense that it causes it to fall apart (be careful with deep frying, for instance). Make a small cut at the base of the tail. If you've cooked the fish whole, lift the tail and find the place just below it where the fillet begins—otherwise, start at the already cut tail section of the trout. Make a cut here with a knife, or by inserting a fork. This will create a path to pull the bones away from the meat. You should be able to locate the best place begin separating the backbone by following the cut used to gut the trout to where it ends at the tail section. Lift the tail portion while pulling down on the flesh. Using the knife or fork to anchor the trout, lift the tail or tail flap up and away from the meat. By doing this, you should be able to strip the bones away in one clean movement. Turn the fish over and strip the other side. Still holding the tail, turn the piece of fish over. Cut into the meat on the opposite side and peel the tail away to extract the backbone. You're now left with all of the meat to enjoy and none of the bones. While it shouldn't be difficult to remove the backbone and ribcage intact after cooking, make sure to keep an eye out for stray pin bones while eating. 
Preheat your oven to 375°F (190°C). Make sure that the rack is located in the center of the oven. Prepare the rhubarb. If you have not yet done so, chop off the leaves, and discard them promptly in the trash. Then, trim the bottom off of the stalks, and rinse them well. Pat the stalks dry, then chop them into ¼ to ½-inch (0.64 to 1.27 centimeters) long pieces. Be sure to cut the leaves off completely. While the stalk is edible, the leaves themselves are toxic, and can make you very sick. Combine the rhubarb, flour, and sugar in a mixing bowl. Place the rhubarb into a medium-sized mixing bowl, then add 1¼ cups (280 grams) of granulated sugar and ¼ cup (25 grams) of all-purpose flour. If you'd like to add a hint of extra flavor to your filling, add 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract and/or ¼ teaspoon of ground cardamom or cinnamon. Stir everything together with a rubber spatula until the rhubarb is evenly coated. Spread the mixture across the bottom of a glass or ceramic, 9 by 13-inch (22.86 by 33.02 centimeters) baking dish. Make sure that the mixture gets into the corners of the dish as well. Set the dish aside while you prepare the crumble topping. Combine the flour, sugar, and salt. In a clean mixing bowl, stir together 1 cup (100 grams) of all-purpose flour, 1 cup (200 grams) of light brown sugar, and ½ teaspoon salt. If you own a food processor, you can save lots of time by pulsing the ingredients in it for a few seconds. Cut the butter into the flour mixture. If you are using a food processor to do this, pulse it a few times until you get pea-sized clumps. If you don't own a food processor, you can cut the ingredients together using two knives or a pastry cutter. Sprinkle the topping mixture over the rhubarb mixture. Make sure that the topping mixture is spread evenly across the top of the rhubarb. You don't want to see any gaps. Bake the crumble for 35 to 45 minutes. It is ready when the filling turns bubbly and the topping golden brown. Let the rhubarb crumble cool for at least 30 minutes before you serve it. You can serve it as is, or you can garnish it with some whipped cream or even vanilla ice cream. Preheat your oven to 350°F (177°C) and lightly grease the inside of an 8 by 8-inch (20.32 by 20.32 centimeters) baking dish. Try to use a glass or ceramic baking dish, if you can. Also, make sure that the rack is in the center of the oven. Prepare the rhubarb. Cut the leaves off, then throw them away. Trim the bottom of the stalks, and wash them well. Pat the stalks dry, then cut them into ¼ to ½-inch (0.64 to 1.27 centimeters) long pieces. Be sure to cut the leaves off completely and dispose of them promptly. They are toxic and can make you sick. Combine the rhubarb with the sugar, cornstarch, and ground cinnamon. Place the chopped rhubarb into a mixing bowl, then add 1 cup (200 grams) of brown sugar, ¼ cup (30 grams) of cornstarch, and ½ teaspoon of ground cinnamon. Stir everything together with a rubber spatula. Spread the rhubarb mixture across the bottom of your baking dish. Use your rubber spatula to spread the mixture evenly across the bottom, making sure to fill out the corners. Set the dish aside when you are done. Combine the rest of the flour, sugar, oats, cinnamon, and salt. In a clean mixing bowl, stir together 1 cup (100 grams) of all-purpose flour, 1 cup (200 grams) of light brown sugar, ½ cup (40 grams) of quick-cooking oats, ½ teaspoon of ground cinnamon, and ¼ teaspoon of salt. You can also do this in a food processor. The food processor will also chop the oats up, and give you a finer crumble. Cut the butter into the flour and oats mixture. You can do this in a food processor, but you can also do it by hand using a pastry blender or two knives. Keep blending the butter until you get a coarse, crumbly texture, about the size of small peas. Sprinkle the topping over the rhubarb mixture in the baking dish. The baking dish will be very full at this point. Don't worry; everything will settle as it bakes. Bake the rhubarb crumble for 45 to 60 minutes. It is ready when it starts to bubble around the edges, and the top is lightly browned. Let the rhubarb crumble cool down to room temperature before you serve it. This will take about 30 to 60 minutes. Afterwards, you can serve the crumble with some whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. Preheat your oven to 350°F (177°C). Make sure that the baking rack is in the center of the oven. Prepare the rhubarb. Cut the leaves off, and throw them away immediately into the trash. Trim the bottoms of the stalks, then rinse them well. Pat the stalks dry, then cut them into ¼ to ½-inch (0.64 to 1.27 centimeters) long pieces. You must cut the leaves off all the way. The leaves are toxic. Layer the rhubarb, sugar, and gelatin in a 9 by 13-inch (22.86 by 33.02 centimeters) baking dish. Add the rhubarb first, then the sugar, and finally the gelatin mix. Do not stir. Whisk together the cake mix, water, and butter in a large mixing bowl. You can use plain white or yellow cake mix. For a richer crumble, use the type of cake mix that also has pudding in it. Cut the butter into small cubes first, then melt it in the microwave or in a small saucepan over the stove. Bake the rhubarb crumble for about 45 minutes. It is ready when the filling starts to bubble, and the top turns a golden-brown color. Let the rhubarb crumble cool down to room temperature, then chill it in the fridge. Serve it cold with some whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. 
Find your birth animal. Consult the chart below to find the year of your birth and the corresponding animal. (Chinese astrology determines your animal sign based on your birthday in the Chinese astrology year, which begins on or around February 4 every year. Year of your birth and your matching Zodiac animal: 1900, 1912, 1924, 1936, 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 — RAT (鼠) 1901, 1913, 1925, 1937, 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009— OX(牛) 1902, 1914, 1926, 1938, 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010— TIGER(虎) 1903, 1915, 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011— RABBIT(兔) 1904, 1916, 1928, 1940, 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012— DRAGON(龙) 1905, 1917, 1929, 1941, 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013— SNAKE(蛇) 1906, 1918, 1930, 1942, 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 — HORSE(马) 1907, 1919, 1931, 1943, 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 — GOAT(羊) 1908, 1920, 1932, 1944, 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 — MONKEY(猴) 1909, 1921, 1933, 1945, 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 — ROOSTER(鸡) 1910, 1922, 1934, 1946, 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 — DOG(狗) 1911, 1923, 1935, 1947, 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 — PIG(猪) These years are in accordance with the lunar (not solar) calendar. As a rule of thumb, the new year is usually around February 4th. If you're born before the new year, you're technically born in the prior year. The New Year changes every year, so do more research to be certain. Some refer to the goat as the sheep or ram. Read about your zodiac animal traits. Just like in Western astrology, each sign is commonly associated with a number of traits. Here are a few details on what each sign is like Rat : This sign has spirit, wit, alertness, delicacy, flexibility and vitality. These people are bright, sociable and ambitious, generally making them wealthy and successful. However, they are also timid, lack concentration and stability, and don't fit most leadership positions. Ox : This sign is intelligent, self-confident, and a naturally-born leader. They are honest, industrious, patient, and above all else, do things steadily. No matter what, they always maintain a strong devotion to their work. However, they are also prudish, obstinate and poor at communication. Tiger : These individuals are tolerant, valiant, considerate, intelligent and respected. They like challenges and are quite good at expressing themselves. They are also short-tempered and not easily interested in much. Rabbit : This sign is gentle, sensitive, compassionate, amiable, modest. They are humorous and add spice to life -- mainly because they can't stand things being dull. However, they tend to throw away money and are stubborn yet undetermined. Dragon : This sign is bright, self-assured and romantic. They are also lively, intellectual, energetic and excitable. They make good leaders, always aiming for perfection. However, they can be arrogant and impatient, and sometimes over confident. Snake : This sign is charming and is skilled at communicating effectively through saying little. They are very moral and full of wisdom. For most, money isn't a problem. However, they can be jealous and suspicious and often tend to overdo things. Horse : This sign is cheerful, quick-witted, kind to others, and like to have adventures. They are also perceptive and talented, making good entertainers. However, they can be impatient, lack substance, and come across as superficial. Goat : These people are tender, polite, clever, gentle, and kind-hearted. They appreciate art and beauty and have a soft spot for quiet living. However, they can be shy, pessimistic, moody, and worry too much. Monkey : This sign is incredibly clever. They are lively, flexible, quick-witted, and are very talented problem solvers. And they're very giving to boot! Weaknesses? They can be rather jealous, conniving, and selfish. Rooster : These people are deep thinkers, often thought of as honest, bright, communicative, and warm-hearted. They have high self-worth and tend to be independent. However, they also have difficulty relating with others and tend to assume they are always right. Dog : These people are loyal, courageous, warm, responsible, smart and realistic. They can easily inspire confidence in others. However, they lack stability, can have a biting tongue, and easily find fault. Pig : This sign is diligent, courageous, honest, chivalrous and gallant. They are tolerant, calm, and optimistic. They hate conflict and don't lie easily. However, they can be naive, impulsive, and don't know when to draw the line. Know your sign's details. We'll cover three topics: your lucky numbers, lucky colors, and whether you're a "yin" or "yang" sign. We'll describe yin and yang in more detail in the next section; for now, know that every person has both sides in them, but one side is typically more apparent (depending on the sign). Rat : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 2, 3 Lucky colors: blue, golden, green Ox : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 9, 1 Lucky colors: blue, red, purple Tiger : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 1, 3, 4 Lucky colors: blue, grey, white, orange Rabbit : Yin sign Lucky numbers: 1, 4, 9 Lucky colors: red, pink, purple, blue Dragon : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 1, 7, 6 Lucky colors: golden, silver, hoary Snake : Yin sign Lucky numbers: 2, 8, 9 Lucky colors: red, light yellow, black Horse : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 2, 3, 7 Lucky colors: brown, yellow, purple Goat : Yin sign Lucky numbers: 3, 9, 4 Lucky colors: green, red, purple Monkey : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 1, 8, 7 Lucky colors: white, golden, blue Rooster Yin sign Lucky numbers: 7, 5, 8 Lucky colors: golden, brown, brownish yellow, yellow Dog : Yang sign Lucky numbers: 3, 4, 9 Lucky colors: green, red, purple Pig : Yin sign Lucky numbers: 2, 5, 8 Lucky colors: yellow, grey, brown, golden Know your most compatible matches. It is believed that each sign romantically lines up (or really, really doesn't line up) with other signs. Here's what is believed makes for the easiest (and most difficult) relationships: Rat : most compatible with dragon, monkey, and ox; least with sheep, horse, and rabbit Ox : most compatible with rat, snake, rooster; least with horse, dog, sheep Tiger : most compatible with horse, dog; least compatible with snake, monkey Rabbit : most compatible with sheep, pig, dog; least with rat, dragon Dragon : most compatible with rat, monkey, rooster; least with ox, rabbit, dog Snake : most compatible with ox, rooster; least with tiger, pig Horse : most compatible with tiger, sheep, dog; least with rat, ox, rabbit Goat : most compatible with rabbit, horse, pig; least with ox, dog Monkey : most compatible with rat, dragon, snake; least with tiger, pig Rooster : most compatible with ox, dragon, snake; least with rat, rabbit, dog Dog : most compatible with tiger, rabbit, horse; least compatible with ox, dragon, sheep, rooster Pig : most compatible with sheep, rabbit; least with snake, monkey, pig Don't just stop at your Zodiac sign! There is far, far more to Chinese astrology than just the twelve signs of the Zodiac. There's also the Four Pillars of Destiny -- which does use the Zodiac, but goes much, much further. It uses the year you were born and the month, day, and time of your birth, as well. It's similar to the birth chart used in Western astrology. It is believed to be a lot more accurate, telling more about your personal life instead of your sign as a whole. The four pillars are those four factors, in that order. They are also combined with yin and yang and the 5 elements (metal, wood, water, fire, earth). It is all believed to determine your luck, affluence, longevity, happiness, and wealth year by year. Chinese astrology works in 60 year cycles. If you're a math fiend with nothing better to do, you could break down the patterns of all these ideas into a sexagesimal cycle. Know your "inner" animal. Let's go further than the animal of your birth year. Your "inner" animal is determined by the month you were born in. It is believed to determine your later years in life or information about your parents. Here's how it correlates to the Western calendar: February 4th - March 5th: Tiger March 6th - April 4th: Rabbit April 5th - May 4th: Dragon May 5th - June 5th: Snake June 6th - July 6th: Horse July 7th - August 6th: Goat August 7th - September 7th: Monkey September 8th - October 7th: Rooster October 8th - November 6th: Dog November 7th - December 6th: Pig December 7th - January 5th: Rat January 6th - February 3rd: Ox Know how your day pillar works. This is the third pillar, believed to determine information about your adult or married life in the day-to-day. A pretty important one! Again, it is a sexagesimal cycle that starts when the sun reaches the celestial longitude of 315° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 330°. Therefore, each year is just a teeny bit different. Because it'd be ridiculous to list the entire 60-day cycle here, it's advisable to visit an online calculator to find out your element and Zodiac sign for your day. If you're really bored, map out the entire cycle! Know your secret animal. In the Four Pillars of Destiny, the hour you were born represents the final and most personal pillar -- it also determines your "secret animal". This is thought to be the truest representation of yourself, the self that has been covered by layers and layers of nurture and environment. It is also used to represent information about your kids or your senior years. Here's how it lines up: 1:00 - 03:00 AM: Ox 3:00 - 5:00 AM: Tiger 5:00 - 7:00 AM: Rabbit 7:00 - 9:00 AM: Dragon 9:00 - 11:00 AM: Snake 11:00 - 1:00 PM: Horse 1:00 - 3:00 PM: Ram 3:00 - 5:00 PM: Monkey 5:00 - 7:00 PM: Rooster 7:00 - 9:00 PM: Dog 9:00 - 11:00 PM: Pig 11:00 - 1:00 AM: Rat Know if you're yin or yang. There's a few things to consider here: Every year is either yin or yang. Odd years are yang and even years are yin. Whatever the current year is, it's that side of the spectrum that tends to get emphasized. Every sign is yin or yang as well. This is the side of your personality that naturally has more power -- though anything can change in alignment with the stars. Yin is associate with passivity, cold, femininity, submissive, dark energy. Yang represents activity, heat, masculinity, aggressiveness, and light energy. Before you go assuming the worst, know that everyone has both -- it's just a cycle. You start with yin, say, until it blooms and turns into yang. And take into account the year's yin or yang, too! Know your element. Almost done! Now we're getting to your element. On the outside, it's quite simple. Just take the last number in the year of your birth! 0 or 1: Metal 2 or 3: Water 4 or 5: Wood 6 or 7: Fire 8 or 9: Earth What does this mean? Again, it's a cycle, this part emphasizing movement and change. Whatever element you are will naturally be emphasized, but how does it mix with the element of the current year? It is believed that the element of the year is the dominant one -- some years will work with your element, while others will work against , creating harmony and disharmony. There are believed to be two cycles: the creative cycle and the destructive cycle. For example, water destroys fire but produces wood and so forth. Each element affects others in different ways, ideally creating a perfect balance. It is believed that the elements line up with the 4 seasons. Wood is the strongest in spring, fire in summer, Earth during the season transitions, and so on. Each element is dominant for 2 years in a row. The cycle repeats every 10 years (there being 5 elements and all). Know the Ten Heavenly Stems and Twelve Earthly Branches. You have your own complicated sign, but the years have more detail to them too; each one has a stem paired with a branch. For example, the year 2002 has a Yang Water Stem on the Horse Branch. The horse branch has not only Yin Fire behind it, but Yin Earth too. It's how your pillars fit into every year that determines your cyclical fate. The Ten Heavenly stems are a combination of yin and yang and the Five Elements. Therefore, your options are Yang Wood, Yin Wood, Yang Fire, Yin Fire , Yang Earth, Yin Earth, Yang Metal, Yin Metal, Yang Water, Yin Water. These go in a 60-year cycle as discussed above. Year 1 was Rat Yang Wood; year 61 will be the same, cycling through with no repetitions before that. The Twelve Earthly Branches are the Zodiac animals discussed in the first section. You know, the ones you find on Chinese take-out menus. Work with your cycles. Remember that this is a blueprint or map. It cannot be changed. That is nothing to fret about! The Chinese believe that this is knowledge to make you powerful -- you will be better able to overcome obstacles and grasp opportunities when need be. In other words, you can always do the right thing at the right time. Remember that good luck and all positive things don't just happen. This chart is telling you that at certain times, they have potential. You have to go out and get it! By knowing this chart, you'll know when those times are and when you should make your move in alignment with the stars. Talk to an astrologist or Feng Shui master. To know what seasons (parts of the cycle, not "winter") or years will be for the better or worse, talk to a master of Chinese astrology. They'll be able to pinpoint your when you're lucky and, quite frankly, when you're not. Certain seasons (days, even) will be better than others (especially to take action) and they can outline that cycle for you. Carry a lucky symbol with you. Let's say you're a goat and it's a bad year for you, but it's a great year for the Ox. Carry a little trinket of an Ox around you to circumvent the negative airs around you. Use an online calculator if you'd like to figure out your sign the easy way. Remember to account for Chinese time -- if you input the timezone of your birth, some calculators can do that for you. And don't forget the new year! 
Let the fever do its work. It is not well appreciated by most, but fevers are one of the body's main defenses against infections. Let a fever run as long as possible without too much discomfort.  Fever is most often a symptom of an infection but can also be caused by inflammatory conditions, thyroid disease, cancer, vaccines and some drugs. Temperature is regulated by a small gland located in the center of the brain, the hypothalamus. The thyroid gland also plays a role in body temperature. Body temperature can vary throughout the day, but a normal temperature is considered 98.6 degrees F or 37 degrees C. During an infection, the infecting agent (bacteria, virus) produce temperature-increasing substances called pyrogens. Some pyrogens are also induced by the immune system. These pyrogens tell the hypothalamus to increase body temperature. This in turn, stimulates the immune system to be more effective at fighting off an infection. Higher body temperature is believed to kill off infectious agents as well. , For adults, most fevers are not dangerous and you can let the fever “run its course”. If the fever is sustained at over 103 degrees F (39.4 degrees C) or higher for more than 12 to 24 hours, consider calling a physician. Be cautious about higher fevers. While you can allow a fever to run its course, there are limits to how high you should let a fever go: For infants younger than four months old with a rectal temperature of 100.4 degrees F (38 degrees C) or higher, immediately call your physician for advice. For children of any age, if their rectal temperature is 104 degrees F (40 degrees C) or higher, immediately call your physician for advice. Any child six months or older with a fever of 103 degrees F (39.4 degrees C) by measuring on the forehead, ear or armpit, should also be seen. Seek immediate medical care if fever is experienced with severe symptoms. It is recommended that if your child has any fever along with any of the following symptoms, call your doctor (or emergency services) as soon as possible: Looks sick or has no appetite Is very fussy Is drowsy Has obvious signs of infection (pus, discharge, streaky rashes) Has a seizure Has a sore throat, a rash, a headache, a stiff neck, an earache In very young infants, if the soft area on the top of baby's skull is bulging Take a lukewarm bath. Start off by drawing a lukewarm bath. Have the person with a fever get in and relax while the temperature of the water slowly drops. Because the temperature of the water drops slowly, the person cools down slowly as well. You don't want the water too cool because you don't want to drop the body temperature too fast. Wear wet socks. This treatment is a traditional naturopathic approach. The theory is that cold feet stimulate an increase in circulation and an increased response from the immune system. The result is that the body expends heat and ends up drying the socks and cooling the body. This treatment can relieve chest congestion as well. The wool socks, by the way, serve as insulation. This method works best overnight. Use a pair of cotton socks long enough to cover the ankles. They should be pure cotton because cotton absorbs a lot of water. Thoroughly wet the socks in cold running tap water. Wring out all excess water and put the socks on. Cover these cotton socks with wool socks. The wool socks should be pure wool because this supplies excellent insulation. The person wearing the socks should be covered with a blanket and rest in bed for the rest of the night. Most kids will be pretty cooperative because they should begin to feel cooler within a few short minutes. Cool the head, neck, ankles and the wrists. Take one or two hand towels and fold along the longer axis. Soak the towels in either very cold water, or, if desired, ice water. Wring out the excess water and wrap the towel around your head, around your neck, around your ankles or around your wrists. Don't use the towels over more than two areas. That is, use the towel around your head and your ankles OR around your neck and your wrists. Otherwise, you may cool down TOO much. The cool or cold towels draw heat out of the body and can lower the body temperature. Repeat when the towel is dry or not cool enough anymore to give relief. This can be repeated as often as needed. Get plenty of rest. While it is not always easy, getting rest and staying restful is important in getting over a viral infection. Your body's immune system is trying to do the necessary work. It can't do this successfully if you are using energy for work, school or taking care of someone else. So, stay home from work, keep children home from school and keep your activity level low and as easy as you can. Feed your body with light foods. You probably have heard the phrase “Feed a cold, starve a fever” A recent article in Scientific American agrees -- except you don't really want to go so far as to “starve” the fever-- you just don't want to waste the body's energy with digestion when that energy should be used to control the infection. Try chicken broth or chicken soup with just some rice and some vegetables. , Focus on fresh fruit rich in vitamin C. Eat plenty of fresh fruit such as berries, watermelon, oranges and cantaloupe. These fruit are also rich in vitamin C, which can help fight infections and lower fevers. Eat yogurt. Try either plain or flavored yogurt that contains “active cultures” of bacteria. These intestinal bacteria have been shown to be essential for a functional immune system. Include protein in your meal. Make sure you include a good and easily digested source of protein such as scrambled eggs or chicken. For example, you can add a few pieces of meat to your chicken broth. Avoid heavy and fried foods. Avoid foods that are heavy, fatty or oily like barbecued or fried foods. Avoid spicy foods like chicken wings, pepperoni, or sausages too. These are too hard on your system when you're ill. Try the BRAT diet. The BRAT diet is often recommended, especially after a stomach virus. This consists of gentle and easy-to-digest foods, including: B ananas R ice A pplesauce T oast (whole grain). Eat foods rich in zinc. Zinc has been shown to reduce the length of time one has a cold. Food sources of zinc include seafood (oysters, king crab, lobster), beef, chicken (dark meat), yogurt, beans and nuts (cashews, almonds). Drink plenty of water. Fever can lead to dehydration and you want to make sure you avoid this. It will only make you feel worse. Kids (and you) might enjoy frozen popsicles as well, but you do want to avoid too much sugar. Try making popsicles from herbal teas such as chamomile or elderberry. Frozen Italian ices or frozen yogurt or sherbet may be good choices as well. But don't forget plain water! Try an oral rehydration solution such as Pedialyte or CeraLyte. You may want to consider using an oral rehydration solution for young children like CeraLyte, Pedialyte. Call your physician before you do, and ask their advice. Be prepared with a list of symptoms and about how much your child has been eating, drinking and how high their fever has been. Also keep track of how often you have to change diapers or, for an older child, how often they have to urinate. Keep breastfeeding your baby. If your baby is suffering from a viral infection, it's a good idea to continue breastfeeding as much as possible. This provides food, water and comfort to your baby. Monitor for signs of dehydration. Call your physician for advice even if you are just seeing the signs of mild dehydration, especially in babies. These can progress to more serious dehydration pretty quickly. Some symptoms of mild dehydration include: Dry, sticky mouth. In a baby, look for dry lips or crustiness around the lips/eyes. Also look for “lip-smacking” behavior. More sleepiness, fussiness or tiredness than usual. Thirst: This is hard to tell in a small infant, but the “lip smacking” behavior or pursing her lips as if she is feeding may be a clue. Decreased urine output: Check an infant's diapers. They should need to be changed at least every three hours. If the diaper is dry after 3 hours, this may indicate some dehydration. Keep pushing fluids and check after another hour. If the diaper is still dry, call your physician. Check the color of urine. The darker the urine, the more dehydrated the baby or child may be. Constipation: Check for bowel movements as well, especially when you're checking the diaper for urine. Few or no tears when crying Dry skin: Gently pinch the back of the baby's hand, just pinching the loose skin. Well-hydrated babies have skin that bounces right back. Dizziness or lightheadedness Boost your immune system with high doses of vitamin C. Orthomolecular medicine has found that vitamin C is important in stimulating the immune system. In one study, asymptomatic adults came down with the flu. They were given 1000 mg of vitamin C on an hourly basis for six consecutive doses. They then received 1000 mg three times daily as long as they were symptomatic. Their reported flu and cold symptoms were reduced by 85% compared to a placebo. Take 1000 mg of vitamin C every hour for six hours. Then take 1000 mg three times a day until you don't feel your symptoms anymore. Increase your intake of vitamin D3. Vitamin D3 is an important vitamin that stimulates the immune system. If you are not already taking vitamin D3 supplements regularly, there is a high probability that you may be deficient in vitamin D. This could be measured with 25-hydroxyvitamin D blood levels. But when a flu hits, there is no time to do this. For adults: Take 50,000 IU of vitamin D3 on the first day you feel sick. Then take the same amount every day for the next three days. Reduce the vitamin D3 dose slowly over the next few days to 5000 IU daily. In schoolchildren, another study showed that 1200 IU of vitamin D3 reduced the incidence of influenza by 67% compared to a control group that did not take any vitamin D3 supplement. Try coconut oil. Coconut oil has medium chain fatty acids that have antiviral, antibacterial, antifungal and antiparasitic effects without having side effects. The main ingredient in coconut oil is lauric acid, a medium chain saturated fatty acid. It inserts itself into the viral outer membrane and causes a rupture and death of the influenza virus without harming the human host of the virus. Take one to two tablespoons of coconut oil three times per day. Mix it in warm orange juice or take it with a meal. Usually within one to two days, the virus will be eliminated. Symptoms often disappear within one day, when normally it would have taken five to seven days to recover from a flu, Try drinking herbal tea. Plants get viruses too, so it does make some evolutionary sense that plants have developed antiviral substances. You can buy these herbs in teabags. If you have them at hand, add one teaspoon of dried herb for every cup of water. Use half a teaspoon for children. Steep in boiled water for five minutes and flavor as desired with lemon and honey. Be sure to let the tea cool down. Avoid adding milk--dairy products tend to increase congestion. Don't use these teas with infants, except under the advice of a physician. Try an herbal tea made from the following herbs: Chamomile: Chamomile is safe for children and has anti-viral properties. , Oregano: Oregano is also safe for children (but make it as a weak tea) and has antiviral properties. , Thyme: Thyme is safe for children (as a weak tea) and has antiviral properties. , Olive leaf: This is safe for children (as a weak tea) and has antiviral properties. Elderberry: This is safe for children (as a tea or as a juice) and has antiviral properties. , Licorice leaf: Licorice leaf is safe for children (as a weak tea) and has antiviral properties. , Echinacea: This is safe for children (as a weak tea) and has antiviral properties. , Use a neti pot. A neti pot can be used to wash out a stuffy nose. It is a device that looks somewhat like a teapot. You use it to pour water into your nose to flush out your nasal cavities. Choose your essential oils. The herbs that can be used to make teas are also good choices for essential oil treatments. These include: chamomile, elderberry, licorice root, Echinacea, olive root, thyme and oregano. Combine an equal number of drops of your chosen oils. The TOTAL number of drops should be nine to ten at the most. In a separate bowl, add one and a half cups of very warm distilled water. Don't use water that is so hot that you scald the delicate nasal tissues. Add six tablespoons of finely ground unprocessed sea salt. Stir to dissolve the salt. The salt is included to help ensure that the nasal tissue is protected. Add the essential oils and mix thoroughly. Add the liquid to your neti pot. Bend forward over a sink, turning your head to one side. Slowly pour the solution through the nasal cavities to clean them. Use a diffuser. This method can be very useful, especially if more than one member of your family has a sinus infection or respiratory infection. Choose your oils from among chamomile, elderberry, licorice root, Echinacea, olive root, thyme and oregano. Or, you can make your own unique mixture. Follow the manufacturer's instructions using the diffuser. Most use about a half cup of water with three to five drops of essential oils. Anyone with a sinus infection should sit as close as possible to the diffuser. Use the old-fashioned method of steaming. In this method, all you need is water and your chosen essential oils or mixture of oils. You'll boil water to create steam, which you'll breathe through your nose. Pour water (distilled is best, but tap water is fine) until the bottom of the pot has about two inches of water. Heat the water to boiling, turn off the heat and add eight to ten drops of essential oils. Stir. You can either leave the pot on the stove or take it off. Just be careful, whichever you decide. Cover your head with a towel and breathe in the steam through your nose. You can also breathe through your mouth, especially if you have a sore throat or a throat infection. Do this as long as the steam is rising. Repeat if desired by reheating the water. The same solution can be used over and over until all the water is gone. Breathe in herb-infused steam. Take the old-fashioned method of breathing steam and add herbs to the water. Pour water (distilled is best, but tap water is fine) until the bottom of the pot has about two inches of water. Heat the water to boiling, turn off the heat and add two teaspoons of oregano and two teaspoons of basil. If you want, you can add a pinch of cayenne pepper. Just be careful! Cover your head with a towel and breathe in the steam through your nose. You can also breathe in through your mouth, especially if you have a sore throat or a throat infection. Do this as long as the steam is rising. Repeat if desired by reheating the water. See your doctor if your immune system is compromised. With most common viruses and with most healthy adults, viral infections clear without additional treatment. If, however, an individual's immune system is compromised, a doctor should be called as soon as any symptoms of infection occur. Immune compromise can occur in the very young, older individuals, those infected with HIV/AIDs, individuals who have had an organ transplant and cancer patients going through chemotherapy. Watch for these common symptoms of viral infections: Fever Joint aches and pains Sore throat Headache Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea Skin rash Fatigue Nasal congestion Call a doctor immediately if the common symptoms worsen. If any of the common viral infection symptoms becomes severe, call a physician immediately. If a physician is not available, call for emergency services. Seek immediate medical care if you experience certain severe symptoms. If you experience any of the following symptoms at any time, go to your nearest emergency room. Any change in your alertness or level of consciousness Chest pain A deep chest cough that produces wet or liquid yellow, green or brownish phlegm (discharge) Lethargy or unresponsiveness to stimuli (sounds, light, touch) Any form of seizure Any shortness of breath, wheezing, or any difficulty breathing A stiff or sore neck, or a severe headache Yellowing of the skin or the sclera (the whites of the eyes) Get vaccinated. Specific treatment always depends on the specific virus. There are hundreds of different viruses that are known to infect humans. Many can be largely prevented with vaccination, such as influenza, chicken pox, shingles and others. Talk with your doctor about getting vaccinated against certain viruses. Visit your doctor if you don’t get relief from home remedies. If you experience symptoms that you think may be a viral infection for more than 48 hours without getting relief from the approaches listed, make an appointment to see your doctor as soon as possible. Many viral infections, like the common cold (rhinoviruses), the flu (influenza virus), measles (rubeola) or mononucleosis (Epstein-Barr virus, or EBV), require primarily supportive treatment.  Other viruses cause serious, life-threatening diseases such as cancer and Ebola. Some persistent viruses cause long-term disorders including hepatitis, HSV and varicella-zoster (causing chickenpox and shingles) and HIV. Ask about antiviral drugs. Until relatively recently, there were no effective antiviral drugs. That is changing, with more antiviral drugs being introduced.  Antiviral therapy is important for certain infections, including infections with herpes viruses (HSVs), cytomegaloviruses (CMVs) and the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Another approach to treating viral infection is to use interferons. These are natural substances (cytokines) released from infected cells which function to block various facets of viral replication. Use of the interferons is particularly important in the treatment of the hepatitis viruses (B and C), Kaposi's sarcoma associated with HIV infection, and a sexually transmitted infection called condyloma acuminata, which results in genital warts. 
Soak your nails in warm soapy water. Soaking your press-on nails in a bowl of warm soapy water may help to loosen them. Mix some warm water and add a few drops of hand soap in a small dish. Place your fingertips in the water and let your nails soak for about 10 minutes. You can try to rock the nails back and forth slightly while they are soaking then the soapy water. This might help to get some water to the adhesive and loosen it. After about 10 minutes of soaking your fingertips, remove them from the water and see if you can peel off the nails. Apply some cuticle oil. Cuticle oil may also help to loosen up press-on nails. Apply a few drops of cuticle oil to the areas just under the press-on nails. Then, let the oil soak in for a few minutes. After a few minutes, try to rock the nails back and forth to see if they are loose enough to pull off. Don't try to force off the nail if it will not come off easily. Use a cuticle pusher to loosen the nail. You can also use a cuticle pusher to get underneath the nail and slowly work it off. Use the pointed end of a wooden cuticle pusher to get between your natural nail and the fake nail. Then, slowly start rolling the cuticle pusher back and forth to loosen the nail. Roll the cuticle pusher down from the cuticle towards the tip of your nail. Don't start from the tip and work backwards. Peel off the leftover adhesive. After you have taken off all of the nails, go back over your nails and peel off any remaining adhesive. You can also use the cuticle pusher to help you scrape this adhesive off of your nails. If the adhesive does not seem to budge, then you can try soaking your nails in warm water or applying a bit of nail polish remover with a cotton ball. Dip your nails in nail polish remover. If you can't seem to loosen your press-on nails with warm water and cuticle oil, then you can try using nail polish remover. Pour some nail polish remover into a dish and then dip your nails into the liquid, just up to your cuticles.  Then, let your nails soak for at least a few minutes. After a few minutes, pull out your fingertips and see if the fake nails are ready to come off. Keep in mind that nail polish removers that contain acetone can dissolve adhesives, but the non-acetone kind will not. Dab nail polish remover around edges of the press-on nails. If you don't want to dip your fingertips in nail polish remover, then you can also apply some of the nail polish remover to your nails with a cotton ball. Try to get the nail polish remover under the fake nail to help loosen the adhesive. Peel off nails as they start to loosen. As the nail polish remover starts to work, you should notice that the nails are loosening up. Start pulling of the nails as they loosen up. You can just use your fingers if the press-on nails are loose enough or you can use a cuticle pusher to slowly work at the nail. Take your time, even if the nail seems loose. Pulling a press-on off too quickly can cause damage to your nails. Wash off acetone and moisturize your hands. The acetone in nail polish remover can dry out your skin, so make sure that you give them some special attention after you get the press-on nails off.   Wash your hands and nails with warm water and some mild soap. Then, dry them well and use some hand moisturizer on your hands and nails. Go polish and press-on free for a few days. Your nails can heal themselves if they get damaged, but it will take a few days. To give them time to heal, do not apply any nail polish or other press-on nails for at least a few days. Try using a few drops of cuticle oil to give your nails a natural shine while you let them heal. Cut your nails short to prevent breakage. Your nails may be brittle after you remove the press-on nails, so cutting your nails short may help to prevent them from breaking or chipping. Use a nail clipper to trim your nails down so that they are somewhat short. You can also use a nail file to smooth out jagged edges if your nails are already short. Buff your nails to even out rough spots. Press-on nails can pull of pieces of your nails and leave them looking rough and jagged. You can repair some of this damage by gently buffing your nails. Use a small buffing square and gently buff away any rough patches on your nails. Replenish lost moisture. Apply moisturizer to your hands after you take off the press-on nails and reapply it often as your nails recover. Keep a small bottle of hand cream in your purse or on your desk at all times so that you can reapply it often. Apply a top coat before you use press on nails again. Protect your nails before your next press on application by applying a couple of layers of a clear top coat. This will help to ensure that there is a barrier between your nails and the nail adhesive. 
Read the problem. The problem may be presented to you as a straightforward division problem, with instructions to find the quotient. You may also have a fraction, with one polynomial as the numerator and a binomial as the denominator. You should recognize this as an opportunity to perform division. For example, a division problem could be stated as, “Find the quotient when 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}+20x+12} is divided by x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6}.” The same problem could ask you, “One factor of 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}+20x+12} is x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6}. What is the other factor?” Finally, the exact same problem may just appear as 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 x + 6 {\displaystyle {\frac {3x^{2}+20x+12}{x+6}}}. You should recognize that the fraction form means to divide the numerator by the denominator. Set up a long division problem. Just as you would with numbers, begin by drawing a long division symbol, something like this: )¯¯¯¯¯¯. The polynomial that is your dividend goes in the space under the symbol. The divisor is placed to the left of the symbol. The "dividend" is the large term whose factors you are trying to find. The "divisor" is the factor that you are dividing by. The "quotient" is the answer of any division problem. With polynomials, this problem will look like: x + 6 ) 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 ¯ {\displaystyle x+6{\overline {)3x^{2}+20x+12}}}. Estimate the first term of your quotient. When you are doing long division with numbers, you don't try to divide the entire number in one step. You look at the first one or two numbers of the dividend and estimate how many times the first digit of the divisor will go into that. You will do the same with polynomial division. Look at the first term of the divisor and decide how many times that will go into the first term of the dividend. For example, if you are dividing 642 by 3, you begin by considering how many times 3 will divide into the first digit of 642. Three goes into six twice, so you will write a 2 above the 6 over the division line. For the polynomial division, consider the first term of the dividend, 3 x 2 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}} and the first term of the divisor, x {\displaystyle x}. 3 x 2 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}} divided by x {\displaystyle x} leaves a factor of 3 x {\displaystyle 3x}. Write 3 x {\displaystyle 3x} above the 3 x 2 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}} under the division symbol. Multiply your first term by the divisor. With the first time of your quotient set above the bar line, now multiply that by the full divisor. Write the result underneath the dividend. With 3 x {\displaystyle 3x} as the first term of your quotient, multiply 3 x {\displaystyle 3x} by x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6}. Do this by multiplying 3x by each term. First do 3 x ∗ x {\displaystyle 3x*x} and then 3 x ∗ + 6 {\displaystyle 3x*+6}. Write the result, 3 x 2 + 18 x {\displaystyle 3x^{2}+18x} underneath the first two terms of the polynomial 3 x 2 + 20 x {\displaystyle 3x^{2}+20x}. Subtract. Just as the next step in long division is to subtract your result from the original number, in this problem you will subtract the polynomial minus the binomial you just wrote down. You should have written your previous step underneath similar terms of the polynomial, so you can simply subtract downward. Draw a line underneath the lower binomial and subtract. In the running example, the first terms should line up to subtract 3 x 2 − 3 x 2 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}-3x^{2}}. This cancels out to zero. Then subtract the second terms, 20 x − 18 x {\displaystyle 20x-18x}. Below the subtraction line, write your answer of 2 x {\displaystyle 2x}. Carry down the next term of the dividend. In numerical long division, you would now bring down the next digit of the number. In polynomial long division, copy down the next term of the polynomial. In this example, the next (and last) term of the polynomial is + 12 {\displaystyle +12}. Copy that down to the bottom, next to the 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} , to create the binomial 2 x + 12 {\displaystyle 2x+12}. Start the process over again. Compare this new dividend, 2 x + 2 {\displaystyle 2x+2} to the divisor x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6}. Consider how many times the first term, 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} can divide the first term of the divisor x {\displaystyle x}. 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} divided by x {\displaystyle x} is 2 {\displaystyle 2}. Write this result, 2 {\displaystyle 2} as the next term of your quotient at the top of the problem. Because the 2 {\displaystyle 2} is positive, write it as + 2 {\displaystyle +2}. This will give the quotient of 3 x + 2 {\displaystyle 3x+2} above the division line. Multiply the last term of the quotient by the divisor. Continue the process by multiplying. In this example, multiply the + 2 {\displaystyle +2} times each term of the divisor x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6}. This will give the result 2 x + 12 {\displaystyle 2x+12}. Write this result at the bottom of the long division problem, lining up the terms with the result of your prior subtraction. Subtract. Line up common terms and then subtract. The binomial at the bottom of the problem from your prior subtraction was 2 x + 12 {\displaystyle 2x+12}. Underneath that is the latest product, which is also 2 x + 12 {\displaystyle 2x+12}. When you subtract each term, the result will be zero. Report your result. When you have used all the terms of the initial polynomial, and your subtraction cancels out all terms to zero, you are done with the long division. The result of 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 {\displaystyle 3x^{2}+20x+12} divided by x + 6 {\displaystyle x+6} is 3 x + 2 {\displaystyle 3x+2}. Alternatively, if working with the problem in fraction form, the result will look like this: 3 x 2 + 20 x + 12 x + 6 = ( 3 x + 2 ) ( x + 6 ) x + 6 = 3 x + 2 {\displaystyle {\frac {3x^{2}+20x+12}{x+6}}={\frac {(3x+2)(x+6)}{x+6}}=3x+2} Set up the problem. Just as you would with a simpler problem, write your dividend underneath the long division bar and your divisor to the left of it. Suppose you are asked to find the quotient of 4 x 3 + 9 x 2 − x − 6 {\displaystyle 4x^{3}+9x^{2}-x-6} divided by x + 2 {\displaystyle x+2}. Set the longer polynomial 4 x 3 + 9 x 2 − x − 6 {\displaystyle 4x^{3}+9x^{2}-x-6} under the division bar and the divisor x + 2 {\displaystyle x+2} to the left. It will look like this: x + 2 ) 4 x 3 + 9 x 2 − x − 6 ¯ {\displaystyle x+2{\overline {)4x^{3}+9x^{2}-x-6}}}. Follow the same steps as before. Follow the same pattern of four long division steps as before: Estimate, Multiply, Subtract, Carry down. The only difference with a longer problem is that you will continue repeating the pattern more times. Consider the numerical long division problem 24 ) 90 , 048 ¯ {\displaystyle 24{\overline {)90,048}}}. You will begin by estimating 2 into 9, then carry down the 0, then you will eventually carry down the other 0, the 4, and then the 8. Each number represents a full round of “Estimate, Multiply, Subtract, Carry Down.” With the longer polynomial long division, each of the terms in the dividend, 4 x 3 {\displaystyle 4x^{3}} , 9 x 2 {\displaystyle 9x^{2}} , − x {\displaystyle -x} and − 6 {\displaystyle -6} represents one full cycle of “Estimate, Multiply, Subtract, Carry Down.” Continue to the end. Keep working until you get to the final subtraction and have no more terms to carry down. With this example problem, the division should work out evenly, so that the final subtraction gives a result of zero. Report your result. Just as you would expect a larger number to be the quotient when you divide large numbers, you will likely have a longer polynomial as your quotient when doing a longer algebraic division problem. In this example, the result of 4 x 3 + 9 x 2 − x − 6 {\displaystyle 4x^{3}+9x^{2}-x-6} divided by x + 2 {\displaystyle x+2} is the trinomial 4 x 2 + x − 3 {\displaystyle 4x^{2}+x-3}. Set up your problem. When you start a polynomial long division problem, you will not know at the beginning whether or not you will have a remainder. Set up the problem just as you would with any long division. For example, suppose you have the problem x 2 + 5 x + 9 x + 3 {\displaystyle {\frac {x^{2}+5x+9}{x+3}}}. Set this up as: x + 3 ) x 2 + 5 x + 9 ¯ {\displaystyle x+3{\overline {)x^{2}+5x+9}}}. Estimate the first term of your quotient. Look at the first term of the dividend and the first term of the divisor. Estimate the quotient and write the result above the bar line. In this example, the first term of the quotient is x 2 {\displaystyle x^{2}} and the first term of the divisor is x {\displaystyle x}. x 2 {\displaystyle x^{2}} divided by x {\displaystyle x} goes in x {\displaystyle x} times, so write the result x {\displaystyle x} above the division bar line. Multiply the quotient term by the divisor. Find the partial product for the first step by multiplying your first estimate of the quotient by the divisor. Write your result underneath the dividend. For this problem, multiply the x {\displaystyle x} that you wrote above the bar line by the terms of the divisor x + 3 {\displaystyle x+3}. Write the result, x 2 + 3 x {\displaystyle x^{2}+3x} underneath the corresponding terms x 2 + 5 x {\displaystyle x^{2}+5x}. Subtract. Draw a line underneath your last result and subtract term by term. Write the differences at the bottom of the problem. In this example, the first terms will cancel as x 2 − x 2 = 0 {\displaystyle x^{2}-x^{2}=0}. The second term subtraction is 5 x − 3 x {\displaystyle 5x-3x}. Write the result, 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} , at the bottom of the problem. Carry down the next term of the polynomial. As before, copy the next term of the dividend polynomial down to the bottom and add it to the result from your subtraction step. In this case, the final term of the polynomial is + 9 {\displaystyle +9}. Copy this down to the bottom and add it to the 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} from your previous step. This creates the binomial 2 x + 9 {\displaystyle 2x+9}. Repeat the long division process. Look at the first terms and decide how many times the x {\displaystyle x} of your divisor x + 3 {\displaystyle x+3} will go into the 2 x {\displaystyle 2x} at the bottom. Write this result, 2 {\displaystyle 2} above the division line at the top of the problem. This gives you a quotient of x + 2 {\displaystyle x+2}. Multiply the last term of the quotient by the divisor. Use the term that you just placed in the quotient to multiply the divisor. Write the result at the bottom of the long division problem. In this example, multiply the + 2 {\displaystyle +2} by each term of the divisor x + 3 {\displaystyle x+3}. Write the result, 2 x + 6 {\displaystyle 2x+6} at the bottom. Align the common terms underneath each other. Subtract. Draw a line under your last step and subtract common terms. In the sample problem, this should leave the subtraction of 2 x + 9 {\displaystyle 2x+9} minus 2 x + 6 {\displaystyle 2x+6}. The first terms, 2 x − 2 x {\displaystyle 2x-2x} will cancel out. The final subtraction is 9 − 6 {\displaystyle 9-6}. This leaves a remainder of 3. Because there are no more terms of the dividend polynomial to carry down, your work is done, except for reporting your result. Report your result. Remember how you handle remainders when dividing with only numbers. Before you learned to divide into decimal points, you learned to write the remainder as a fraction over the divisor. You do the same thing with polynomial division. You will write the remainder as the numerator of a fraction, with the divisor as the denominator. Consider the numerical example, 3 ) 35 ¯ {\displaystyle 3{\overline {)35}}}. This would give a result of 11, with a remainder of 2. You would write your answer as 11 2 3 {\displaystyle 11{\frac {2}{3}}}. For the polynomial division, your quotient was x + 2 {\displaystyle x+2} with a remainder of 3 {\displaystyle 3}. Write the remainder as a fraction over the divisor, so you report your full quotient as x + 2 + 3 x + 3 {\displaystyle x+2+{\frac {3}{x+3}}}. 
Listen to each of your friends. One of the best things you can do for both of your friends is to simply listen to what each one has to say. Sitting down with each of them individually can help them to express how they feel and it can also help you to see what the fighting is all about if you are not sure. Ask each of your friends walk you through their point-of-view and explain why they're upset. Make sure that you meet with each of your friends separately or else they may just start fighting with each other in front of you. Try inviting each one over to your house on separate days. Give your friends your full attention while they are sharing their perspectives. Put away your cell phone, turn off the TV, and remove any other distractions before you start listening. While your friend talks, make eye contact and show that you are listening by nodding and making neutral statements, such as “Uh-huh” and “I see.” If something is unclear, ask your friend to clarify. Ask questions to find out what is going on. If your friend are reluctant to share, then you may have to ask some questions to get them talking. Ask open-ended questions to get your friends talking. Open-ended questions are those that cannot be answered with a simple YES or NO. For example, you might say something like, “What happened with you and Joe the other day?” Or, “It seems like you are upset at Christina. What's going on?” It may take a couple of questions for them to open up, but once they do, try not to interrupt. Clarify if something is unclear or untrue. Since you have an outsider's perspective, you may be able to clarify if something is untrue. This might be especially helpful if the argument started over a piece of gossip. If you have information that might smooth things over, then share it. For example, if one friend is mad at the other because she thinks the other person said something about her behind her back, and you know that this is not true, then you could say something like, “No, that's just a rumor someone started. I was there and she did not say that.” Keep what you have heard to yourself. After speaking with each of your friends one-on-one, you may feel tempted to call each of them up and share what was told to you. However, this is a bad idea. Remember that your friends have shared their perspectives and feelings with you in confidence. Do not share anything that you were told unless you have permission from your friend to do so. Choose a time and place to meet. When having any kind of serious discussion, it is best to do so in a semi-private place with few distractions. A neutral place is best. Don't have one friend come to the other friend's house. Look for a quiet spot outside or a have your friends meet you at a café. Make sure that your intentions for having them meet you are clear. Try saying something like, “I have heard both sides of the story. I think that if the two of you sat down and shared your feelings, then you could put this fight behind you. I will go along and mediate if you need me to.” Make sure that your friends are both calm. If your friends are still emotionally charged from the argument, then it might not be possible to resolve the conflict. Encourage both of your friends to arrive in a good state of mind. For example, you could encourage your friends to listen to their favorite “happy song” before arriving at the meeting, or ask each of them to take five minutes to breathe deeply and collect their thoughts. Encourage your friends to use “I” statements. Using “I” statements can help when two people are fighting because it reduces the chances that your friends will become defensive. “You” statements make people feel defensive. For example, if one friend says “You make me feel bad about myself!” then the other friend might feel the need to defend herself from this statement. This can start a cycle of blaming and defending that will go nowhere. Instead, your friend could say something like, “I feel bad when you criticize what I am wearing.” This statement places the emphasis on how the speaker feels while still pointing out the other person's behavior. Talk to your friends about why it is important to use “I” statements during their discussion and encourage them to do so. If you notice one of your friend using “You” statements, then gently correct him or her. Say something like, “How does that make you feel?” Help de-escalate any conflict that arises. If your friends start fighting right in front of you, it is important to defuse the situation. Do not allow it to continue. For example, if your friends start raising their voices at each other, then call a time out or suggest that you take a 15 minute break to cool off. If your friends cannot sit down and discuss the problem without arguing, then you may need to ask an adult to help mediate the conflict. Try asking a teacher or parent if he or she would be willing to mediate. Ask your friends if anything is unclear. Encourage your friends to ask each other questions during this conversation as well. It might be possible that the fight was caused by misinformation or a misunderstanding, so asking questions can be helpful. For example, if one friend thinks the other friend intentionally left her out of something, but the other friend thought she already had plans, then that information is crucial. If you are aware of any misunderstandings, then you could gently encourage one friend to ask the other friend about it. Try saying something like, “Didn't you want to ask Susie why she did not invite you to the movies last weekend?” See if your friends are ready to forgive each other. After both friends have talked for a while and shared their feelings and perspectives, they may be willing to apologize and forgive each other. However, don't try to force this. If your friends feel ready to forgive, then they will probably do so. Try saying something like, “Do you both feel better now that you have talked?” If your friends are still upset with each other and are not ready to forgive and move on, then let them go their separate ways. Depending on what has happened between them, they might just need some time apart. Look for ways to prevent a similar problem. To help your friends get along better in the future, it might also be helpful to look for a solution that might prevent a similar problem and discuss ways that your friends can put it into practice. This can come in the form of a new rule in the friendship or a pledge to do or not do something. For example, if one friend was upset because the other friend did not invite him to go to the movies over the weekend, then the other friend might agree to send him a text even if she thinks he is busy. Try not to take a side. If you have two friends who are fighting, you might find that both of them will try to convince you to be on their 'side.' In the majority of situations, your best bet is to remain neutral and not take sides. Instead, help both friends think through what they're fighting about and provide support for a possible reconciliation. There are always exceptions to this 'rule,' but it's up to you to decide when to make such an exception based on your own personal beliefs and moral judgement. Set yourself some boundaries. Before you decide to support your friends during their fight, possibly as a mediator, set yourself some boundaries. For example, make sure your friends understand that you aren't a postman and that you will not be the one to carry a message from one friend to the other. If you're friends want to pass a message to each other, they have to do it themselves Another boundary might be to tell your friends you will not help them if they simply start to rant and spew nasty comments about each other. Your goal is to help them get to a resolution, not help them be nasty to each other. Avoid offering advice. It may seem counter-intuitive, but you may want to avoid offering either friend specific advice. It's not because you're being unhelpful, it's because they need to figure out a solution on their own. You should be there to support them, but you can't provide a solution for them. Instead of offering advice, ask more questions. For example, if you realize one of your friends isn't able to see a specific point-of-view of your other friend, ask questions that lead your friend to realize and understand that point-of-view. Beware that if you do offer advice that doesn't end up working, you could end up being blamed by one or both friends for the bad situation they're in. If you feel the need to offer some sort of advice, ask first. Don't provide unsolicited advice. Your friend may already know what they're going to do about the situation and may just be looking for a shoulder to lean on, not advice. 
State how each letter of the alphabet sounds. Write out the entire alphabet. Go through each letter, and state how it is pronounced. Ask the student to repeat after you. As you pronounce each letter, ask the student if they think it is a vowel or a consonant. A consonant is a letter formed by moving your lips, tongue, or teeth. All letters except a, e, i, o, and u are consonants. When sounding out consonants, ask the child to tell you what part of their mouth is moving. Vowels are letters that can be pronounced without moving your lips, tongue, and teeth. The vowels are a, e, i, o, u, and sometimes y. For very young students, you may want to break up the alphabet into smaller sections, so that they can learn these concepts one at a time. Practice letter sounds regularly and quiz your child so they can master each sound. Create a list of simple words to work with. Choose words that are spelled exactly as they are pronounced. These are called decodable words. When you begin, use words that only have one syllable. Good words to start out with are words that end in “-at” (cat, hat, mat, sat) or “-an” words (can, tan, man, fan). You can find entire lists of decodable words online. These will help teach phonics without confusing the student with any complex spelling rules. Say the word while emphasizing its sounds. First, you should say the word normally. For example, you might say the word, “cup.” Then you should stretch out the word to emphasize each sound (or phoneme) in the word. So you might say, “cuuuup. Cuh-uh-puh.” Ask the student to repeat the word after you. Have them say it the same way that you did. Choose which letter creates the first sound. Have the student try to tell you before you help them out. If they're uncertain, walk them through the alphabet again. Point to each letter, and ask them if that makes the right sound. Write down each letter as they spell it. If you are doing “cup,” start with the first sound. Say, “Cuh, cuh. What makes the cuh sound?” If they guess “K,” which makes a similar sound, gently correct them. Then move on to the next sounds. You might say, “Uh. What makes the uh sound?” or “Puh. What makes the puh sound?” When you are done, show the learner the word, and ask them to put all of the letters together again. Celebrate any success with your student. Tell them “Good job” or cheer for them when they're correct. Once they've mastered a difficult word, provide a small reward to keep them motivated. Break up longer words into segments. Once the learner can form basic, one syllable words, you might move onto longer words. Break up the word by syllable and have the student spell out each syllable. Then put all of them together, and spell the word together. For example, you might sound out “spider.” Start by breaking it up into two syllables “Spi” and “Der.” Have the child sound out each syllable before putting them back together. Other good decodable words include “candy,” “volcano,” “unicorn,” and “pencil.” Demonstrate words with double vowels one at a time. Two vowels put together often create a different sound. Once the student has mastered basic phonemes, you can teach them how to spell with double vowels, but only focus on one at a time. To teach “ai,” work through the words, “paint,” “mail,” and “rain.” To teach “ou,” you can use “house,” “mouse,” and “about.” A double “e” or “o” makes the vowel long. For example, you pronounce a long “e” in “peek” and a long “o” in “door.” Show them the rules with a silent “e”. There are a few different rules for using a silent “e” at the end of words. Teach these to a learner once they have mastered the other concepts of spelling. Some rules you may want to include are: An “e” at the end of a one syllable word makes the last vowel long. For example, if you add an “e” to “sat,” it becomes “sate.” Create a list of these words, and ask your student to sound out the difference between words with the “e” and words without the “e.” “E” is also added to the end of words that end in “v” or “u.” For example, there is an “e” at the end of “blue” and “sleeve.” It is also used at the end of non-plural words that end in "s," such as "house." Create a list of words that all contain the same pattern. Choose one pattern for each study session. The idea is that you will teach the student how to identify different patterns of spelling, and they will learn to spell based on these patterns. You might base this pattern on the endings of words. For example, create a list of words that ends only in “-ate” or “-ing.” You can base this pattern on the first letter of the words. This is good for consonants that might change sound based on their spelling, such as “c” or “g.” You can also use the vowels in the word. This is a good way to teach double vowels, such as “ai” or “oi.” Get the student to identify patterns in the way that the words are spelled. Do not tell the student what the pattern is. Ask them to find the similarities between all of the words on the list. Help them pronounce each word out loud so that they can hear how it sounds. Point out the differences in the way that the words are spelled. Having each student say the words out loud can help. For example, they may notice that the c in “cat” is pronounced differently than the c in “chat.” Ask them why that might be and then explain why to them. See if the student can identify the rules of spelling on their own. For example, they may notice that when “c” is followed by an “a,” it is pronounced with a hard sound while a “c” followed by an “e” is always soft. If they don't get it on their own, it is OK to explain it to them. Ask the student if they can spell out a different word. Choose a word that fits the pattern but wasn't on the original list. See if they can spell it now that they have learned the pattern. You may want to go through a few different words to test their skills. For example, if you taught “igh” as your pattern, you might ask them to spell “night,” “eight,” or “right.” Find online games. There are hundreds of free, online spelling games aimed towards learners of all ages. Find one that is appropriate for your student's age and spelling ability. You might also use apps to teach the student. Some good websites include: Spelling City: https://www.spellingcity.com/spelling-games-vocabulary-games.html Learning Games for Kids: http://www.learninggamesforkids.com/spelling_games.html Vocabulary.co.il: http://www.vocabulary.co.il/spelling/ Host an informal spelling bee. If you have multiple students, have them take turns spelling different words. If they spell one wrong, they are out of the game. Choose words and spelling patterns that you have been working on in class. Whoever spells the most words correctly wins. These competitions are fun for older learners, including English language learners. If you are working one-on-one with a student, see how many words they can spell before they get one wrong. Next time you play the game, challenge them to beat their record. Make a word scramble. Take words that the student has been working on, and mix up the letters so that they are out of order. Ask the student to put the letters back into the right order. You can do several words at once. Do a word search. Hide words that you have been teaching within a random assortment of letters. Make a list of all of the hidden words, and ask the student to find and circle the words. This will require them to find patterns within random letters. There are many online websites where you can instantly generate word searches. Simply type in what words you want to use, and it will create a word search for you. Give the student a spelling inventory test. An inventory test will determine how well they can already spell. You might show them pictures and ask them to spell the word. You can also do a multiple choice test, in which they must select the correctly spelled word from a list of misspellings. Do not grade this test for points. This test is simply to see where the student is currently. You should make sure to test the learner every week or two to see how much they have learned and which concepts they are still struggling with. Make a unique spelling list based on the student's need. If the student is struggling with a particular concept, make sure to focus on those areas. Create new lists of words that tackle this unique problem. Continue to work on these concepts until the student has mastered what they were struggling with. Include words that you know your student can achieve so the list is achievable. For example, if your student can't figure out when to use “gh,” make a list of words that includes “through,” “night, “borough,” and “brought.” Have them memorize these words if they don't understand the rules. If you have multiple students, try to create a unique list for each of them. For large classes, break the students up into groups based on their level of spelling. Make a list for each group. Demonstrate how to study spelling. There are many irregular rules of spelling in the English language. While word study and phonics can help, students may need to memorize trickier words. Show the student multiple ways of studying these strange words. Flashcards are a great tool. On one side, put a picture of the word, and on the other, spell it out. Show the student the picture, and ask them to spell the word. Review words you've already learned for a few minutes everyday. Reading simple picture books can help students recognize words and letters. Ask students to match the words with the picture. This will help them associate the letters of the word with the meaning. Provide extra assistance for students with learning difficulties. Some students may require more assistance than others. In addition, some people may have disadvantages when it comes to learning spelling. Be patient and sensitive with their situation. If the student is diagnosed with dyslexia, you may need to spend more time on each word or pattern. If possible, see if you can get them extra attention from the school, either through a special education program or an after-school program. English language learners may use spelling habits from their native language. You may need to work with them one-on-one or in small groups to help them identify English spelling patterns. 
Determine whether you’re ready to commit. The decision to commit can be a tricky one. Whether or not you are ready for a committed, steady relationship can be determined by a number of factors. Every case is different, and you might have certain expectations for a relationship. Ask yourself: How do I feel about him? Do I feel excited when we are together? Do I miss him when he is gone? Can I handle the time commitment of a serious relationship right now? What type of relationship do I want? Have we fought before? If so, how well did we handle it? Does he respect me? Are there any red flags I am concerned about? Am I uncertain about his character? Do I trust him? How do I feel about monogamy? Do I want an exclusive relationship with one person? If so, am I willing to be monogamous with this man? If not, are both parties open to a polyamorous relationship? Am I doing this because he makes me happy? Or are other people pressuring me to have a boyfriend? Take the length of your relationship into consideration. Asking your guy to be your boyfriend too soon can scare him off if the feeling isn't mutual, but waiting too long can create confusion and hurt feelings. Since all relationships are different, there's no specific amount of time you should wait before asking. Trust your instinct. If the timing feels right, it might just be. If you have just met the guy, you might want to go on a few dates before you ask him to be your boyfriend. You may not want to commit to someone you just met. Many people ask a partner to become steady or exclusive after about six dates or one month. Some people wait until they have dated for three months to have the talk. If you have a long distance relationship, you may want to establish this talk sooner rather than later. This will help both parties understand what is expected even when you are far apart. Identify whether the guy is interested. You should have some indication about how the guy feels about you. The only way to be absolutely certain about his feelings is to ask him, but you can look for certain signs that might signal his feelings. If a man refers to future plans, it might be a sign that he is planning on sticking around with you. If he brags about you to people, especially to his friends, it might show that he is proud to be around you. If he sends you texts asking how you are throughout the day, it may mean that he is thinking often about you. If you see each other several times a week and hang out every weekend, it may be a sign that he is becoming more invested in you. Prepare yourself for rejection. While you're hoping he agrees to be your boyfriend, keep in mind that he might say no. Your guy may not be ready for a serious relationship with you, or perhaps he doesn't like using titles or labels to describe your relationship. Think about how you will respond to a rejection. If you want a serious relationship with someone who will commit to you, you may have to part ways with this guy if he says no. This will allow you to find someone who wants a serious relationship as well. If you are content with your relationship, you might decide to maintain your current status until he's ready to become your boyfriend. If you have deep feelings for this guy, you might have to decide whether or not you want to hang out with him afterwards. You might decide to just stay friends, or you might decide to cut off contact until you can get over him. Plan ahead. It will be easier for you if you know when you are going to ask the question. You can practice the conversation ahead of time, or you can identify the right moment to bring the issue up. There is no one right time to ask a guy to be your boyfriend. Judge your personal circumstances carefully. Some people plan a special date and hold this conversation at the end of a date. Others find that this conversation comes most naturally when they are hanging out together alone. Either way, choose a good day ahead of time. Do not ask at a time when the guy will be stressed, upset, or busy. He may be taken aback by the question, and this could affect his answer. If you are feeling nervous, anxious, or jittery, you can practice what you will say ahead of time. In a mirror, try starting the conversation and asking the question. Meet in person. It might be tempting to text or message a guy to ask him, but these questions are best dealt with in person. Talking in person allows you to explore different options for your relationship. If there are any questions or concerns the guy has, you can deal with them together. If you're in a long distance relationship, it may not be easy to meet up in person. If you can have this conversation during a visit, you might want to wait until the end before asking, in case you receive a negative answer. If you cannot ask in person, calling him is the next best option. Determine a good place for conversation. There is no one right place to have the relationship talk, but it should be a place where you can both express your feelings and discuss your future together. Consider what is right for you and the guy. You should probably have this talk while you two are alone. You might broach the question during a walk on the beach, at the park, or in one of your homes. If there a place that is special to both of you—such as the site of your first date or a favorite monument--, you might choose to have the talk there to make it memorable. Make sure that the guy is not distracted. Do not ask him during a movie, while you are out with friends, or when he is working. If you ask him while you are in the car or eating at a restaurant, he may feel trapped. Have the conversation in a place where you are both comfortable. Introduce the question at the right moment. While hanging out on your planned day, you should focus on staying relaxed. Wait until a good moment to introduce the topic. Wait for a moment that feels “right” or “special.” If you are having difficulty with this, you can follow some basic guidelines. If he compliments you, you might compliment him back, starting a conversation on what you enjoy about each other. This is a natural segue into the relationship talk. If there a period of silence, you might bring up the issue. Say how happy you are in the moment, and see if the conversation comes up. At the end of your date or hang out, you can say, “Hey, before you go, I wanted to talk to you about something.” Consider waiting for your guy to bring it up first. If getting around to calling him your “boyfriend” isn't too high a priority, consider waiting to see if your guy mentions it first. This also helps you feel out whether your guy is comfortable with using titles or labels to define your relationship. This might be a good option if you are uncertain about your feelings or if you think that he is uncertain about the relationship. Do not wait around forever for a guy to bring up the question. Set a date for yourself before you ask him. For example, you might give him a month before asking him yourself. Start with a compliment. Tell the guy what you like about him. This flattery will relax him, and it will make the relationship question much easier to broach. A compliment about his humor, intelligence, or kindness is a good way to signal how you think about him. You might say, “You know, you are so funny. I've never met a guy like you before.” Another good compliment is, “You are very thoughtful. I'm so touched by your gestures.” If he smiles, thanks you, or compliments you back, it may be a positive sign that he feels similarly about you. Explain your feelings about him. Once you have started on a positive note, it may be easy to start explaining your feelings for him. If you received a positive reaction from your compliment, you might want to delve deeper into your feelings. Explain to him how you feel about him. You might explain that you have enjoyed your time together so far or that you are starting to develop feelings. You might say, “I've had such a good time with you so far. You're a really unique person, and I've been thinking a lot about our relationship.” You should probably avoid telling him that you love him at this point. He may become scared or worried that the relationship is moving too quickly. Instead, you might say that you are “developing feelings” or that you “really like” him. Ask your guy if he wants to be your boyfriend. It is best to ask him directly about whether or not he is ready to be your boyfriend. Depending on the situation, you can approach this question in a number of different ways. You can ask him directly by saying, “Do you want to make this official? Do you want to become my boyfriend?” If you're uncertain about the status of your relationship, you can ask, “Where do you see this relationship going?” If either of you are dating multiple people, you can ask, “Do you want to start seeing each other exclusively?” If you want to understand how he sees you, you might say, “I want to know what to tell other people when they ask what our relationship is. Would you say you're my boyfriend?” Establish your expectations. You both might have different ideas of what a steady relationship means. Perhaps he's ready to date you exclusively but not ready to meet your family. Maybe he wants to have sex but you want to wait. When you have the talk, you both should clearly state what you expect out of the situation. You might begin this conversation by asking him, “What does being a boyfriend mean to you?” Answer truthfully if he asks you about what you expect in a relationship. For example, you might say, "I expect a guy to be faithful and to be honest with me. I'm not ready for marriage yet, but I do want to explore the possibility of a more serious relationship." Give him time to respond. The guy might be feeling pressured or uncomfortable by the question. If he appears anxious, uncomfortable, or hesitant, you might want to give him a day or two to think over his answer. While it may seem as though he trying not to commit, he may just need time to consider whether or not he's ready for it. You can say, “If you need time to think about it, that's fine. Give it some time before you make your decision.” If he asks for space, give him space. You can ask, “How long do you think you need to figure this out?” Try not to bring up the question again until that time has passed. If he does not give you a time frame, you can ask again after a few days. Say, “Hey, I just wanted to know if you've given any thought to our relationship. Have you decided where we stand?” Do not obsessively text, call, or message him about this issue. If he did not give you a straight answer right away, you might text him once after you asked the question and again in a day or two. Give him some space if he needs it to decide. Handle rejection gracefully. If he states that he does not want to be your boyfriend, try to remain positive. Try to smile, and let him know that you understand. He may be content with continuing a casual relationship, or he may want to end things there. Consider your own feelings before proceeding.  If he wants to end things, respect his choice. Thank him for your time together, but state that you understand. You might say, “I'm sorry to hear that, but I had fun with you. Good luck in the future.” If he wants to continue a casual relationship but you want to end things, you might say, “I think it would best if we stopped seeing each other then.” If he asks why, simply state, “It seems that we want different things.” He might state that he wants to stay friends with you. Do not agree unless you are willing to be just friends. If you feel as though this would be difficult, be honest. Say, “I'm not sure that will work out for me. You're a great guy, but I think I will need some space.” Some men may “ghost” you or stop contacting you. It is natural to feel upset about this, but it does not mean that he necessarily dislikes you. He may only feel awkward about the situation. 
Laugh at yourself. Recent research suggests laughing and humor are both key components of health in general.  The easiest way to get over the anxiety produced from an embarrassing moment is thus to simply laugh at yourself and the situation that just occurred. This way, it's easier for others to laugh with you than at you. The fact that you even get embarrassed is a great way to connect you to other people, as it's something almost everyone has likely experienced at some point in their life. If you are willing to laugh at yourself, an embarrassing moment can serve as a great jumping off point to sparking interesting conversations or making new friends. You can also try making the situation funny. If you approach the situation with good humor, it will become less embarrassing and more like a light joke. For example, if you fall off your chair, say something like, "I do all my own stunts!" Admit you were embarrassed. When an embarrassing moment happens, it's best to accept it. You can't go back in time, so what's the point of being in total denial? Admit to yourself – and others if appropriate – that you had an embarrassing moment. This can be a great way to start conversations with others, as they will likely have embarrassing moments to share with you as well. Explain why the moment occurred. There may be circumstances that cause your embarrassing moment which are understandable and explainable. For example, you may have called someone by the wrong name all day. But when you reflect on the incident, you realize that you've been thinking about another person quite a bit.  For example, you could say, “I'm sorry I've been calling you Shawn. I have been thinking about a good friend of mine who is going through a rough time, and I'm a little distracted.” Ask others to help you. Perhaps you spilled coffee all over some important papers at a meeting, or you tripped and dropped a stack of books on your principal's foot. Ask the other person to help you pick up your things. This will redirect the situation away from your embarrassment to the task at hand. Take deep breaths. After an embarrassing moment has happened anxiety will tend to spike in most people. Blood rushes to the face, heart rate and blood pressure increase, shortness of breath occurs, and higher levels of perspiration starts to collect throughout much of the body. To calm yourself down, take some deep breaths and reassess the situation. This will help with the physiological response that you experience (blushing, for example). It will also help you avoid saying or doing anything else that could add to the embarrassment factor. Take a minute to calm down, and then proceed. Don't make a spectacle of yourself. The worst thing to do when an embarrassing moment happens is to make a huge scene about it. When an embarrassing moment happens, try to avoid screaming, shouting, running away on the brink of tears, or flat-out crying in public. The bigger a scene you make out of the moment, the more the moment will be engraved into people's minds. Keep in mind that it is just another moment that will quickly pass. If your reaction is mild, people are more likely to forget that anything ever happened. Tell yourself that this moment wasn’t very embarrassing. You have to face the fact that something bad has just happened to you. But, remember, it's only embarrassing if you tell yourself it is. If you get over it and tell yourself it isn't, you won't feel embarrassed. It's likely the case that you are much more critical of yourself than anyone else. Psychologists have found that in cases of anxiety or embarrassment, people tend to become overly preoccupied with themselves to the extent that they greatly overestimate how much everyone else is actually paying attention to them. With this in mind, if an embarrassing moment happened to you, it's probably the case that anyone who was around you was paying more attention to themselves than to you. Do something to distract yourself. After the embarrassing moment, do something to get your mind off of it. Try reading, playing your favorite sport, watching TV, listening to music, etc. Turning your attention to an activity prevents you from focusing on your embarrassing moment. Take a lesson from the embarrassing moment. Okay, so you've been embarrassed, but take it as a lesson and learn from it. Did you trip and fall in front of your crush? Avoid wearing high heels. Did you pass out while giving a speech? Research how to calm your nerves before giving a presentation. Reflect on your emotions that stem from this moment. Keep in mind that you can learn about yourself by what you get embarrassed by. Think about the situation you were in. Ask yourself, “What was it about that situation that made me embarrassed?” It might not always simply be about the people you were actually around. For example, if you get overly embarrassed after failing at something you are typically very good at, you might be setting overly high expectations for yourself. In each moment of embarrassment, reflect on what your emotion can tell you about your expectations of yourself and others in general. Consider whether or not you might have an anxiety disorder. While the title of this article is how to get over an embarrassing moment, certain people tend to have embarrassing moments quite a lot. It might even happen every day. If embarrassing moments seem to come up for you continuously, without your control, it could be the case that you have a social phobia. This is actually a type of anxiety disorder that has been shown to be highly correlated with persistent emotions of embarrassment. This makes it very difficult for you to simply get over embarrassing moments when they occur. If you can't seem to simply shake off embarrassing emotions when they arise, and they seem to be coming up for you a lot, consider taking steps towards treating yourself for anxiety. See a mental health counselor. If you feel there may be underlying issues that cause your embarrassment to be more severe than normal, it can help to talk with a counselor. This person can help you figure out your emotions and understand why you feel this way. He can also give you strategies for how to reduce the level of embarrassment that you feel. Practice mindfulness meditation. If you can't stop thinking about the embarrassing moment, try meditating. Remember, the embarrassing moment is in the past. Try to keep yourself in the present. Mindfulness meditation is a technique that helps you be aware and nonjudgmental about your thoughts and emotions. It can be helpful to keep your thoughts about the embarrassing moment from taking over. ,  Sit quietly for 10-15 minutes, breathing deeply. Focus on your breath. Acknowledge each thought as it enters your mind. Identify the emotion that you're feeling. Say to yourself, "I feel embarrassment." Accept the emotions that you're feeling, tell yourself, "I can accept my embarrassment." Acknowledge that this is a temporary feeling. Say to yourself, "I know this feeling is temporary. It will subside. What do I need for myself right now?" Give yourself space and validation for your feelings, but recognize that your thoughts and responses may distort the reality of the situation. Bring your attention and awareness back to your breath. As further thoughts pass through your mind, repeat the process to acknowledge them and let them go. You can also search online for guided mindfulness meditation exercises. 
Pick a cage type. When looking for a hamster cage, you will come across a few different types of cages. Each type of cage will have its own benefits and drawbacks. Review the following list to get an idea of which type of cage might work best for you and your new hamster: Mesh or wire cages are easy to clean and have great ventilation. However, they may have small openings that can let smaller hamsters escape. Glass aquariums can provide a safe and secure home for your hamster. However, these cages are more difficult to clean. Plastic habitats provide modular compartments and tunnels that can be very engaging for your hamster. The down-side of plastic habitats is that they have poor ventilation and are very difficult to clean. Get the right size cage. Your hamster will want plenty of room to run, sleep, eat, and play in. You will have to find a cage that is also big enough to allow your hamster to nest and burrow in. Remember to leave room for any toys or exercise equipment that you plan on placing in the cage. You will need a cage that is at least a minimum of two square feet. Find the best spot for the cage. Once you have a cage for your hamster, you will need to find a good spot in your home for that cage. You will need to find a place in your home for the cage that meets the following criteria: The ideal temperature for your hamster will be between 65-75 degrees Fahrenheit. Avoid placing the cage next to any strong drafts, heat sources, or direct sunlight. Put the cage in a quite place. Your hamster won't feel comfortable if they are disturbed often or are in a noisy environment. Allow your new hamster to adjust. If you have just brought a new hamster home, you will want to allow it time to become used to its cage and new environment. By letting your hamster adjust to its new home, it will be more relaxed and more open to bonding with you. It can take up to three weeks to bond with your hamster, so be patient and work slowly. Introduce yourself to your hamster. Start approaching the cage more often and introducing yourself to your hamster. Don't try to work too quickly. Allow your hamster to see and hear you without touching or handling it. Let the hamster know you are nearby. Try talking to it as you work to introduce yourself. You can try placing your hand in the cage, but don't try to touch the hamster. Allow your hamster to get used to your scent and presence before any handling is attempted. Try petting your hamster. While your hamster is eating its food or a tasty treat you left it, you can try petting your hamster. By showing your hamster that your touch is nothing to fear, it will eventually relax and enjoy your handling it. It may take a few days until your hamster is used to you touching it. Don't try to pick up the hamster at this point. If your hamster gets nervous and wants to hide, let it. Start hand feeding your hamster. After your hamster has been allowed time to acclimate to both its new home and owner, you can begin to hand feed it. Work towards this goal slowly and never force any interaction between you and your hamster. Start by placing your hand in the cage without food. Don't try to touch your hamster, instead, allow it to investigate your hand on its own. Add a treat to your hand when you put it in the cage. Allow your hamster to investigate and take the treat if it wants to. Try picking your hamster up. After your hamster seems used to your presence and touch, you can try to pick your hamster up. Work slowly and gently as you do so, watching for any signs of stress or fear from your hamster. Never lift your hamster by the tail or the front legs as this will only cause injury. Make sure you cup your hands and support the entire body of the hamster. Try to let your hamster climb up and onto your hand before lifting it out of the cage. Any pain or discomfort felt by your hamster will undo any bond and cause your hamster to fear you. Make sure your hamster won't get hurt from falling if it escapes from your hand. Pick your hamster up and hold it properly. After your hamster has been tamed and is comfortable with you picking it up, you can take it out of the cage to play. As always, be careful when holding your hamster to prevent injury or stress. Never squeeze your hamster as you hold it. Hold your hamster close to the ground or near your lap in case it jumps from your hands. If your hamster bites you, it may be tired and time to return to the cage. Put your hamster in an exercise ball. An exercise ball is a great way for your hamster to safely explore your house. These are hollow balls that your hamster can walk inside of, moving the ball and getting great exercise. Exercise balls will keep your hamster safe as it walks around your house. You should still look for some dangers such as a staircase or other fall hazards. Let your hamster play for no more that twenty minutes before allowing them a food and water break. Check for dangers. Before you let your hamster out to explore and get exercise, you will need to check the room for any hazards that may be present. Hamsters can move quickly and are easily injured, so you will need to keep a close eye on them as they play. Keep other pets or animals out of the room. Look for any electrical cords that your hamster might chew. Block off any small spaces that your hamster might squeeze into and become stuck. 
Determine how you spend your time. There are a variety of ways to do this. Try keeping a log or journal for several days. Or make a chart or graph illustrating how your time is spent. Be sure to keep track of everything that's taking up your time: sleep, work, eating, chores, school, etc. Be honest with yourself here. This will show you how best to manage your time, especially if you find yourself upset at spending so much time in one area of your life. Write down goals. Now that you know where your time is going, how would you like it to be spent? Mainly, what do you want to change about your current routine? If you noticed any wasted time, start by making a goal to address it. For example, if you found yourself spending several hours responding to pointless emails, taking extra breaks, or waiting for things, make it a goal to rescue that wasted time. Prioritize your goals. This doesn't have to be incredibly detailed. Just rank your goals in the order in which you'd like to complete them. Also, consider factoring in how much you enjoy working on that goal so that you can spend more time doing things you enjoy doing. Re-evaluate your goals periodically. You may find after accomplishing some tasks that your priorities have shifted. Don't be afraid to alter your goals or plans. Plan your time. Give yourself a manageable range of time and make a list of the goals you must accomplish. Keep a separate list of things you'd like to get done. Then, look at your week and assign tasks for each day that get you closer to achieving your goals. Remember to include time for family, relaxation, or personal time. While you don't need to detail what you'll be doing, you should be sure to block out the time. Realize that your time is valuable. Don't allow your schedule to fill up with things that don't get you closer to your goals or that don't make you happy. If something seems like a waste of your time, try to cut it short or get out of it. Likewise, don't feel like you have to accomplish everything yourself or it won't be done correctly. You'll most likely need to learn how to trust and let go in order to accomplish your tasks. Start with your most important goal. This may be easy to determine if a big deadline is looming or a big event is coming up. Put the bulk of your energy towards completing the vital task, before moving on to less important items. Work on your biggest project at the time of day when you have the most energy. For some, this may be first thing in the morning. Others are night owls. Find what works for you and don't waste that valuable energy. Say no. Don't feel guilt tripped  into doing something you don't want to do. Job expectations aside, you shouldn't feel like you always have to agree to doing things. While simple requests might not seem like a big deal, they can pile up, leaving you overwhelmed and struggling to accomplish your actual goals. Learn to say no, without feeling guilty. Don't feel like you have to explain yourself or give an excuse. Simply say that you can't do it, because it doesn't work out for you. Multitask smartly. While multitasking sounds like a great way to manage time, it's actually difficult to successfully pull off. Stick to multitasking when it comes to easier jobs that don't require too much focus (laundry, dishes, making meals, etc). Don't try to write a memo while reading an article and talking on the phone. In other words, allow your mind to focus on one task at a time, preferably at a time of day when you work the best. For example, don't wait to do your homework at 2 am, when you're normally sleeping. If you realize your best window of working time is from 4 to 5 in the afternoon, plan to do it then. Be prepared. Don't let meetings, appointments, or deadlines surprise you. If you're prepared and have planned them into your day, they'll be more beneficial than if you were unprepared. When planning for a specific event, try to estimate how long it should take. If you find yourself going over time, try to wrap up the event or ask for another appointment. Delegate or ask for help. You may find that you have too many goals or tasks to accomplish. Try delegating responsibilities to co-workers or your family. This will free up valuable time for you to work on other projects or give you extra free time. Getting help will also provide you with people that check in on you. This can help you stay focused on the work you're doing while they're accomplishing their assigned tasks. Thank them and tell them how much you were able to get done with their help. Remove distractions so you can get into a work flow. This is increasingly hard to do. If you find yourself having trouble completing tasks, try turning off your cell phone, signing out of all social media sites, turning off the television, and go someplace quiet. You'll find that being able to focus on one task may increase your efficiency. Clear a visual space for work. This may be your desk, your office, or a room in your house. Having a clutter-free space will keep you from being distracted. Reward yourself. If you've accomplished several goals or become more focused on your tasks, give yourself a small reward. This could be something as simple as a small personal break in the day, time out with friends, or allowing yourself extra sleep in the morning. 
Purchase a ticket directly from the NFL while they're available. Each year, the NFL itself distributes about 25% of the total tickets. Some of these tickets are available for direct purchase at face value, but you'll have to buy the tickets well in advance of the game. These typically sell very quickly, and are often purchased by ticket brokers who resell them once the AFC and NFC champion teams are decided. Also, keep in mind many of these tickets are sold as part of packages, which may involve lodging, airfare, and entertaining before, during, and after the game. For more information on buying tickets from the NFL, visit https://nflonlocation.com/superbowl-tickets/. Enter a team lottery if you have season tickets. Each year, 35% of the tickets to the Super Bowl game are given to the teams playing in the championship game—17.5% to each team. These tickets are typically divided among the sponsors and players first, then a certain number will be offered to some of the season ticket holders via a lottery. If you purchased a season ticket package, contact the organization to find out the process for entering their lottery. If you're selected in the lottery, you can buy tickets at face value, which started at $950 for Super Bowl LI in 2017. You may be selected in a lottery even if your team doesn't go to the Super Bowl. Another 5% of the total tickets go to the host team, and 34.8% of the total tickets are spread among the remaining teams, and a small percentage of those may be handed out through a lottery as well. For example, in 2019, 5% of Super Bowl tickets will go to the Atlanta Falcons, regardless of who plays in the championship game. Apply for the Super Bowl ADA Random Drawing if you’re disabled. Every year, the NFL holds a lottery for fans who have a disability and who would like to attend the Super Bowl. If you win, you'll be given the ability to purchase a wheelchair ticket and a ticket for a companion, both at face value. To be eligible, your entry must be received between February 1 and June 1 of the year before the Super Bowl. For instance, to be eligible for Super Bowl LIV in Miami in 2020, you would need to apply between February 1, 2019, and June 1, 2019. The application should include your full name and address, phone number, and email address. It can be a letter or a postcard, but it must be sent through either certified or registered mail. Mail the application to: Super Bowl ADA Random Drawing, 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154. Look on an online ticket resale site closer to the game. Ticket brokers offer tickets for sale through secondary websites, but individuals may also sell their tickets online if, for instance, they're chosen through a lottery but opt not to attend the game. Typically, if you're a fan who doesn't have season tickets or any connections to a sponsor or a team member, this is the best option for finding seats after the championship teams have been decided. One way to buy resale tickets from individuals is to visit the NFL ticket exchange, which is run by Ticketmaster. Other popular resale sites include Stub Hub, Tick Pick, and Seat Geek. Enter local radio and TV drawings. Sometimes, local radio and TV stations will be given Super Bowl tickets, which they'll give away for free as part of a drawing. If you hear about one of these giveaways, pay close attention to the rules for entry. The odds of winning aren't great, but someone is guaranteed to win, so it's worth a shot! You might even find Super Bowl giveaways on your favorite websites, so don't forget to check online! Buy a ticket package to combine your entire experience into one purchase. Unless you live in the city where the Super Bowl is being hosted, you'll probably need to figure out your flight, lodging, and any entertainment you might want to enjoy before and after the game. For an easy way to take care of all of this, buy a ticket package directly from the NFL or from a third-party vendor. You can typically choose from multiple levels of packages, with varying levels of personalized service. Keep in mind that packages with better seats will cost a lot more money than packages in the nosebleed section. You can even spend tens of thousands of dollars to get tickets in a suite. Some of these packages might include tickets to concerts or invitations to exclusive parties, while others might be more basic, just providing for your airfare and hotel room. Watch ticket prices in the month before the game to find a low price. Ticket prices can fluctuate dramatically in the weeks leading up to the Super Bowl. They tend to peak right after the NFC and AFC championship games, when the Super Bowl teams are decided. It may be best to wait another 1-2 weeks to let the prices fall before you buy your ticket. The best way to be sure that you're getting a good deal is to spend a couple of weeks watching the prices. Then, about a week before the game, buy your tickets on a day when they seem reasonable. The lowest price has historically tended to occur on the Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday before the game, although this isn't a guarantee. The prices tend to rise again in the last few days before the game, so try not to wait until the very last minute! Book your accommodations as soon as possible to stay close to the game. While the ticket prices might fall right before the game, the opposite is usually true for hotel rooms. Unless you know you're buying a package deal, you should book a hotel as soon as you know you're going to the Super Bowl. The hotels closest to the stadium fill up very quickly, and as rooms start to get booked, prices typically rise. The longer you wait to book a hotel, the further away from the game you'll stay, and the more money you'll have to pay. Budget for a ride if you’re not within walking distance. If your hotel is too far away from the stadium to walk there, you'll need to figure out transportation. If you drive, you may have to pay for parking, which will likely cost much more than usual due to the increased traffic around the event. Also, keep in mind that services like Uber and Lyft may increase their prices before and after major events like the Super Bowl. Taxi services typically don't charge additional fees. However, it's best to set up your ride ahead of time, since high demand could make it hard to hail a cab on the street. Attend a watch party if you can’t score tickets. If tickets are hard to find, or they're just too expensive, you can still enjoy the feeling of watching the Super Bowl as part of a crowd! Sometimes, the teams participating in the game will host a watch party at their home stadium, but there are a variety of events all across the country where you can join up with other people to watch the game. Try typing “Super Bowl watch parties near me” into your search bar to try to find events you can attend! If there aren't any watch parties near you, invite your friends over and make some fun football snacks, like buffalo chicken dip, fried wings, or nachos! 
Find your loan information. The loan information is in your loan documents. If you are estimating a payment before applying to a loan you can just plug in estimates. Speak with the loan originator if you have problems locating any details. Note that typically the tax is not included in the loan principle unless it is specifically rolled into the loan. There are two types of taxes. One is a property tax and the other is a transfer tax. Either party may pay either tax. In the United States for non-foreclosure properties, the seller generally pays the transfer tax, on some foreclosures the buyer pays. Both sides usually pay their prorated portions of the property tax due up to the date of sale for the seller and from the date of sale for the buyer. A lender can roll these taxes into the loan if the property appraises high enough to allow enough equity or there is enough of a down payment to roll them in and have the required down still. Learn the equation to calculate your payment. The equation to find the monthly payment for an installment loan is called the Equal Monthly Installment (EMI) formula. It is defined by the equation Monthly Payment = P (r(1+r)^n)/((1+r)^n-1). The other methods listed also use EMI to calculate the monthly payment. r: Interest rate. This is the monthly interest rate associated with the loan. Your annual interest rate (usually called an APR or annual percentage rate) is listed in the loan documents. To get the monthly interest rate that you need, simply divide the annual interest rate by 12. For example, an 8% annual interest rate would be divided by 12 to get a monthly interest rate of 0.67%. This would then be expressed as a decimal for the equation by dividing it by 100 as follows: 0.67/100=0.0067. So 0.0067 will be the monthly interest rate used in these calculations. n: Number of Payments. This is the total number of payments made over the life of the loan. For example, in a three year loan paid monthly n = 3 x 12 = 36. P: Principal. The amount of the loan is called the principal. This is typically the final price after tax of the asset purchased less any down payment. Plug your information into the equation. In the above example n = 36, we will use 0.0067% for the monthly interest rate (from an annual 8%), and $3,500 for the principal. So filling this out, Monthly Payment = $3,500*(0.08(1+0.0067)^36)/((1+0.0067)^36-1). Write out the formula with your numbers even if you feel comfortable working with it. It can eliminate simple math errors. Solve the parentheses first. Simplify the first part of the equation to $3,500*(0.0067(1.0067)^36)/((1.0067)^36-1). Handle the exponents. This then becomes $3,500*((.0067(1.272)/(1.272-1)) Finish the parts still in parenthesis. This results in $3,500*(0.008522/0.272) Divide and Multiply the rest. The result is $109.66. Understand what that number means. In this example, the formula resulted in a payment of $109.66. That means you would make 36 equal payments of $109.66 for a loan of $3,500 at an 8% interest rate based on our example. Try changing some numbers in order to understand the impact of different interest rates or term length of the loan on the monthly payment amount. Open Microsoft Excel.  Identify your loan information. This is part of any method used to calculate a payment for an installment loan. You will need to know the total amount financed or principal, the number of payments and the interest rate. Write these down or enter them into cells in Excel to use later. Choose the cell where you want the payment. The cell you click on in Excel does not matter unless you want the information in a certain place. This is based on user preference. Use PMT formula. In the cell where you want the payment listed, type the = sign or click the fx button in Excel. The fx button is on the top part of the screen below the primary toolbar unless you have customized Excel. Choose either manual or dialog box aided entry. If you click the fx, enter PMT into the search box and select the PMT function. It will bring up a dialog box to enter the information. You can also choose to enter the data by hand into the equation “=PMT(Rate, Nper, Present Value, Future Value, Type)”.  Clicking the fx button is preferred if you need help remembering the formula. Enter the information into the popup box. After you clicked fx and selected PMT, you then enter the information into this dialog box. Rate is the monthly interest rate changed and it is 0.67% in our example. This is the annual rate of 8%, listed as the APR in loan paperwork or documentation, divided by 12 (8%/12=0.67%). This will also need to be expressed as a decimal by dividing the number by 100, so it will be 0.67/100, or 0.0067, when used in the equation. Nper is the number of periods in the loan. So if it is a 3 year loan paid monthly that is 36 payments (12 x 3 = 36). Pv is the present value of the loan or the amount you are borrowing, we will assume $3,500 again. Fv is the future value of the loan after 5 years. Typically, if you plan on paying off the full value, this is entered as a 0. There are very few cases where you would not enter a "0" in this box. A lease is an exception where Fv is the residual value of the asset. Type you can leave this blank in most cases, but it is used to change the calculation if you make the payment at the beginning or end of the period. If you were to type this into the Excel cell without using the fx dialog box, the syntax is =PMT(Rate,Nper,PV,FV,Type). In this case “=PMT(0.0067,36,3500,0)”. Read the result: This results in a payment of $109.74. It comes out as a negative number since you are paying money versus receiving it. If you want to switch the sign to positive number enter -$3,500 instead of $3,500 for the PV. Search for Installment Loan Payment Calculator. You can do this search through Google, Bing or your favorite search engine. Choose a reputable website that does not ask for any personal information. There are plenty that are easy to use that fit this profile. Locate the required information. Each one works a bit differently, but they will all ask for the same information. The interest rate, loan amount and number of payments are listed in the loan documents. If you are estimating payments for a loan you are considering, many of the sites also include probable interest rates for that type of loan. Enter the Information. Enter the information into the boxes or cells in the loan calculator. Every site works a bit differently, but almost all of them make it easy to enter the data. Locate the Result: After you enter the data, the calculator will provide the monthly payment for your loan. It is always wise to double check this and make sure it makes sense. For a 12 month loan of $1,000 at a 5% interest rate, a monthly payment of $500 would not make sense. Check a second site to confirm the number if you are at all uncertain. Adjust the inputs. Try to change some of the original data like interest rate or total loan amount to understand how each one impacts the monthly payment. This will make you a much smarter consumer if you are still searching for a loan. 
Clean the plastic. For small items, fill a sink with warm water and add a teaspoon (5 ml) of liquid dish soap. Wash the item in the sink using a cloth. For larger items, fill a bucket with soap and water. Soak a sponge or cloth in the soapy water and use the sponge to clean the item. Cleaning is a must before you paint any surface, because it will remove dust, dirt, and other particles that could prevent the paint from adhering. Rinse and dry the item. After cleaning, rinse the item with clean water to remove dirt and soap residue. Pat the item dry with a towel or cloth to absorb excess water. Leave the item to air dry for at least 10 minutes, or until all the water has evaporated. Sand the surface. When the item is completely dry, use 120-grit sandpaper to scuff the entire surface of the plastic. Sanding will rough up the surface slightly, and this will give the paint something to stick to. Sanding is especially important if the item you're painting was previously painted. Remove as much of the original paint as possible with the sandpaper. Wipe the surface. Use a microfiber, lint-free, or tack cloth to wipe down the plastic. This will remove dirt, dust, and plastic particles from sanding. Leftover dust and other debris on the surface will prevent the paint from sticking to the surface, because the paint will land on the dust particles rather than the plastic. Take the project outside if possible. Spray paint is dangerous to inhale, and the overspray and dust can easily land on nearby surfaces. Take the item you want to spray paint outside when possible, such as when the temperature is mild, when there's no precipitation, and when it's a calm day. The ideal temperature range for spray painting is between 64 and 77 F (18 and 25 C). The ideal humidity for spray painting is between 40 and 50 percent. Even if you're painting outdoors, pick a shady spot, if possible. If you paint in direct sunlight, the paint might dry too quickly, which can cause it to peel. When you can't spray paint outside, take the project to a shed or garage if possible. Ventilate indoor areas. Inhaling spray paint is bad for your health. To protect yourself, open windows, doors, and turn on exhaust vents when you must work inside. Don't turn on any fans, as these will just blow the paint around. Invest in an activated carbon mask if you work with spray paint often. This will protect your lungs and keep you safe from the health problems associated with spray paint exposure. Make a DIY spray paint booth. A spray paint booth protects surrounding areas from overspray, and protects the painted item from dust and dirt when it's still wet. For smaller projects, you can make your own simple spray paint booth with a box and a pair of scissors: Find a box that's larger than the items you're spray painting Cut off the flaps that form the lid Lay the box on its side with the opening facing you Cut off the top panel Leave the bottom, side, and back panels of the box in place Place the item in the center of the bottom panel Cover surrounding areas. For larger projects, you may not be able to make your own spray paint booth. To protect the floor and surrounding areas from overspray, lay out a large drop cloth or piece of cardboard. Place the item in the center of the cloth or cardboard. If you also want to protect the drop cloth from excess paint, lay down some newspaper over the cloth and place the item on the newspaper. If you're painting outdoors on a windy day, keep in mind that the overspray could travel and get onto other surfaces. Choose the right paint. Different materials require different types of paint, and plastic typically needs a special type of spray paint. The wrong type of paint may blister, bubble, flake, or just won't adhere properly to the surface. Look for spray paints that are specifically formulated for plastic surfaces, or that are suitable for plastics. Companies that make spray paint for plastic include Krylon, Valspar, and Rustoleum. Apply a coat of paint. Shake the can of spray paint. Hold the can 12 to 18 inches (30 to 46 cm) from the object. Aim the nozzle at the object and press down. As you spray, sweep the can back and forth over the object in a vertical or horizontal motion to apply a thin and even coat to the surface. Avoid pointing the nozzle directly, at a single spot, as this will make for an uneven application. Instead, keep the can in motion as you spray. Let the coat dry. Spray paint typically requires anywhere from eight to 30 minutes to dry. After applying the first coat, let the paint dry before applying a second coat, or before turning the item over to paint the other side. Consult the manufacturer's directions on the can for exact drying times with the paint you're using. Apply a second coat. Most items will benefit from at least two coats of spray paint. When the first coat has had time to dry, apply a second coat. Use the same side to side or up and down sweeping motion as you spray to ensure a thin and even coat. When the second coat has been applied, give the paint up to 30 minutes to dry before assessing whether it needs another coat, or before painting the other side. Repeat on all sides. Some objects have a bottom or other side that won't be accessible when you're applying the initial coats of paint. When the final coat has had time to dry, turn the object over. Apply two coats of spray paint using the same technique, giving the paint up to 30 minutes to dry between coats. Let the paint cure. Paint generally has a drying time and a curing time. While spray paint dries in about 30 minutes, it needs about three hours to cure. Once you've applied the final coat of spray paint, let the item dry for at least three hours before using it normally again. With spray painted furniture, for instance, don't sit in the chair as soon as it's dry. Instead, wait a few hours so the paint can fully cure. The drying time is how long it takes for the paint to be dry to the touch. The curing time, on the other hand, is how long it takes for the paint molecules to fully bond and harden. 
Choose a color theme. Your table will be much more cohesive if there is a theme to your decorations. The theme can be either a color or an event, such as a birthday, a season, or a specific holiday. If the theme is a color instead of an event, limit yourself to 2-3 colors that go well together. If the theme is a holiday, choose colors that correspond with that holiday. For example, if it is a Christmas buffet, use decorations that are red, green, and gold. Buy or make items related to your theme. Create a centerpiece that incorporates your theme using fruit, flowers, props, or candles. You can then choose items that hint at that theme for the rest of the table, such as edible garnish, flowers, fruit, leaves, or cinnamon sticks. Some other ideas for table decorations, depending on your theme, are ribbons or seashells. Avoid overdoing the decorations. You want the decorations to be classy, not gaudy or overwhelming. Ideally, the food will be on display and any décor around the table will enhance the look of the food, not hide it or overwhelm it. Also, avoid sprinkling the table with glitter or other non-edible decorations, as these often end up on people's plates or in their mouths. Coordinate your tablecloth, a table runner, napkins, and placemats. Choose either a tablecloth or a table runner to place beneath the food on the buffet table. Napkins are a must as well. Placemats are optional, but can be a nice touch to have beneath your serving dishes. When choosing these items, be sure that they are within your color scheme and that they go well with one another. Consider oversized cloth napkins in colors that match your theme. For a more casual buffet, paper napkins are just fine. No matter what, supply plenty of spare napkins in case of a mess. Table runners should hang about 6 inches (15 cm) down the table on both sides. Prepare a label for each food item. Make labels for each dish that you will have on the table. Use cardstock or paper folded in half, with the name of the dish written on one side. Write or type in a bold, clear font that is large enough for any guest to read. Write whether a dish is vegetarian, vegan, or gluten free on the label, beneath the name of the dish. Consider making a menu to display. For an extra touch, you can create a menu of all the different foods that will be served. Display the menu either using a small menu easel on the table or a stand beside the beginning of the table. That way, guests will know what they will find further down the table and can make more informed food choices. Plan your arrangement before you begin placing the decorations. This will prevent you from wasting time rearranging it. Decide which decorations you want to use, where they will go, and what direction you want the guests to follow. Set up a logical journey down the table. Imagine yourself starting at the beginning of the table, picking up a plate, dishing up an appetizer and a salad, and then moving down to the main course dish. Think about the order that you would eat a meal in, and arrange the food dishes in that order. Move your buffet table to a convenient location. It needs to be visible, but not in people's way. If you have a lot of guests and your room is large, set the table away from any walls so that your guests have access to the table from both sides. If the room is smaller, place the table against a wall, out of the way. If possible, leave space for people to stand on either end of the table to avoid too much crowding in the front. Lay down your tablecloth or table runner. Either of these will create a lovely base for the buffet table, and can mask a table that you may not want to be shown. If you use a table runner, position it in the center of the table and make sure that it runs the full length of the table. Put the plates and bowls at the beginning of the buffet table. Plates are the first thing your guests will need, so they should be at the beginning of the table. Set out more plates than you think you'll need, since guests often take a new plate each time that they return to the table. Place the utensils at the end of the table. Having the utensils at the end of the table relieves people from having to hold them while trying to hold their plate and serve themselves food. With only two hands, that can be a difficult task! You can also have utensils at both the beginning and the end of the table, if you would prefer. Provide all of the utensils that will be needed for the food you're serving. For example, don't forget the soup spoons if you're serving soup! Set the napkins near the utensils, or wrap the utensils in the napkins. Wrapping the utensils can make it easier for your guests to grab the whole bundle at once, instead of having to pick up each utensil individually. Have multiple stacks of plates, cups, utensils, and napkins. Since hungry people can be very eager to get what they need and sit down, it is best to have multiple stacks of plates, cups, utensils, and napkins. That way, many people can grab one at the same time without needing to wait in a line or push into each other. Leave space for people to momentarily set their plates down. This step is often missed but is very important. If a guest needs to grab another napkin or adjust something, you want them to have space to set their plate down for a moment. When arranging your table, try to leave small pockets of space where a plate could fit. Do a practice run. This will help you to visualize the end result and see if anything needs to be adjusted. Make sure that the table isn't too crowded, and that your decorations aren't going to block any food. Do a trial walk down the buffet table as well, pretending to serve yourself. Make sure that everything is placed logically and within reach. At this stage, adjust anything that needs to be fixed and remove any decorations that are cumbersome or unattractive. Elevate some of your dishes. Adding height to some dishes is aesthetically appealing and adds life to your table. You can easily elevate areas by covering secure objects such as boxes and upside down containers with cloth. Just don't exaggerate the elevation, as this not only looks chaotic, but it can be dangerous. You table should have subtle rises and dips. Place all the serving dishes that will be used on the table as you decorate. This will help to ensure that you have enough space for everything that needs to be on the table. Arrange your themed decorations. Now that your dishes are placed, go ahead and fill in the spaces with the decorations that you've chosen. Be mindful of not placing items in front of food dishes, or in areas where they will get knocked over by elbows. Try placing larger items at the back of the table, and smaller items between dishes and around the edges of the table. Set out candles. Candles are a wonderful decoration for any buffet table. Consider placing tall candles at the back of the table if the table is against the wall, so that they will not get knocked over. Otherwise, you can decorate small jars with candles inside and place them around the table. If having flames seems dangerous for your event, consider using flickering electric candles. 
Beautify your school. Increasing your school's “curb appeal” is one of the fastest and most inexpensive ways of improving it. Take a look around your school and see what kind of cosmetic changes you might be able to easily make. Picking weeds, pruning hedges, planting flowers, and picking trash up out of a field or parking lot are all ways of quickly making things look cleaner. Start a garden. A school garden that students and staff can work on is a great way to increase involvement and pride in your school. Talk to your school administrators about getting permission first. A school garden can be whatever type people like—a flower garden, a vegetable garden or other plants that are beautiful. Work on the garden can be tied into educational activities. Science classes, for example, can learn about photosynthesis or the life cycle of plants by helping out with the garden. Paint a mural. Making an inspiring painting part of your school is sure to improve it. Your school can start a discussion and vote on the design, which could be a school mascot, a historical figure, a local landmark, etc. Art classes at your school can even get involved with making the mural. If your school wants to commission an outside artist to paint your mural, make sure the design, budget, and timeline for completion are worked out beforehand. Lead a campaign to make your school grounds healthier. Some schools, particularly older ones, may have hazardous substances present, such as lead paint, lead pipes, or asbestos. Removing these substances can be expensive and complicated. However, if members of your school community are concerned about these substances, talk to administrators or the local school board about what can be done to improve the school. Boost activities and clubs. If enthusiasm or a sense of community seems to be lacking at your school, then you may want to increase extracurricular opportunities. There can be something for everyone to get involved in—the sky's the limit! Campaign to increase participation in activities that your school currently offers, or start a new club if there is interest. Some of the many possibilities include: Sports Cheerleading Art Club Drama Club Garden Club Technology Club Future Business Leaders Mock trial Chorus Volleyball Club Make school more engaging. if you feel that your school needs improving because it is boring, don't give up hope! Talk to teachers, school administrators, and students about developing ways to make learning fun and more engaging. If the goal is to innovate and improve your school, then everyone will be on board and willing to develop ideas. Go green. If you feel like your school would be improved if everyone tried to be more eco-friendly, there are many opportunities to take action. Talk to members of your school community about gathering support for ideas like: Choosing eco-friendly school supplies Making sure that recycling bins are available at your school Replacing paper towel dispensers with blown air hand dryers Starting a compost pile Planting trees for Earth Day Having an end-of-the day check to make sure that lights are turned off, windows are closed, and that other techniques to conserve energy are being used. Encourage healthy eating. There are many conversations going on now about improving school meals and eating healthier in general. If these issue are important to you, try leading a campaign to ban candy, junk food, and soda vending machines on your school grounds. You can also talk with your school officials about how to offer healthier choices at meal times. Fundraise. If there is a project at your school that needs financial support, whether it is painting a mural or purchasing school supplies for needy students, you can help start a fundraising campaign. There are lots of ideas, such as: Holding a garage sale Asking local merchants to contribute coupons or gift certificates that can be sold in a raffle Hosting a silent auction for student artwork Hosting a game night with an entrance fee Let everyone join in. Make sure that all students have a chance to participate in activities and games, no matter what their skill level or ability. For example, when playing a game that only takes 8 players at a time, rotate people in and out, so that everyone can have a chance. Letting all students have a chance, even if they aren't great at the game, will make things more fun and friendly. Be nice to new people. Being new at a school can make a person feel lonely. Whenever there is a new student at your school, make a special effort to make him or her feel welcome. Invite the new student to sit with you at lunch. Introduce him or her to your friends. Make sure the new student is included in games and activities. Don’t gossip or badmouth others. You can help keep your school a positive place by not taking part in talking badly about other people. If others around you are saying mean things, don't be afraid to tell them that its not nice, and that they should stop. If someone tries to gossip with you, you can say you don't want to talk behind someone's back, or just change the subject. If you someone says something bad about someone else, try saying something like: “Hey, that's not cool. I don't think it's fair to talk about [insert name] like that.” Don’t accept bullying. Bullying can be a very serious problem, and shouldn't be tolerated. If you think there it has become a problem at your school, talk to a school administrator about ways to address the issue. You can also help stop any bullying you witness. If you see someone picking on someone else (offline or online), you don't have to just let it happen: Don't laugh or just watch what happens. Say something like: “That's not nice. Why don't you leave [insert name] alone?” Be a friend. If you see someone being picked on, make an extra effort to be nice to him or her. It will make a big difference if that person knows he/she is not alone. Avoid physical confrontation if possible. Tell a trusted adult about what you saw happen, whether or not you intervened. Talk to administrators. If you think that your school needs improvement, you can start by talking to its administrators (a principal or headmaster, for example). You might also attend local school board meetings to voice your opinion. Getting administrative support is important not only because many projects will need official approval, but also because it is a way of communicating your concerns. Don't be shy about asking to meet with your school administrators. If you are serious about improving your school and have some ideas, most will be happy to hear from you. Ask parents to get involved. Schools aren't just places for students to learn—they are also an important cornerstone of any community. Families also care about schools and will want to be involved with any improvements that need to be made. Parents can get together at a Parent-Teacher Organization (PTO) meeting, school board meeting, booster club event, or other opportunity and consider ways of helping to improve your school. Use social media to gather support. While some people may not think that social media have educational value, social networks can be a powerful tool for organizing people. Make sure that your school is active on all major social media services. If it isn't, talk to your school administrators about getting started. Anytime your school has an improvement campaign or project going on, advertise it widely using these services to boost involvement. Let people contribute in their own way. Many school improvements will need a lot of support. However, this doesn't mean that everyone has to contribute in the same way. When raising support to improve your school, make sure that people understand there is room for everyone to help. For example: Some might be great at organizing people, while others will have talents in writing or design. Some will be able to devote time during school hours only, while others will have more time after school hours or on weekends. Some might be able to get involved on the school grounds itself, while others might be great at gathering support for your school within the surrounding community (by fundraising, for example). Ensure that improvements continue. Efforts to improve your school will only have their full impact if they can continue in the future. Creating a sense of school history, or institutional memory, is important for to long-term success. Elect someone to be school historian. He or she can make notes about any improvements that are made to your school, and then pass the information along to the next historian. See if your school can set aside a space for this purpose. This might be a place in the library or office to keep notes on your school history, and/or a memorial wall that can have photos, plaques, and other items to commemorate your school. 
Plant in the fall or spring, depending on your climate. If you live in a mild climate (growing zone 7 or warmer), you can plant leeks in the fall for a spring harvest, then plant again in the late spring for a fall harvest. Leeks planted later in the year will overwinter and grow in the spring. If you live in a climate with harsh winters, leeks should be planted in very early spring, as soon as the ground is workable. Different leek varieties are meant for different planting times. Ask an expert at your local nursery to inform you what varieties work best in your climate. Sow the seeds in a warm, sunny location. Fill seed trays with a seed starting mix (not potting soil) and sow the seeds about 6 weeks before the last frost of the winter. Leek seeds germinate best at a temperature around 77 °F (25 °C), so keep them in a warm, sunny room. If you're starting seeds in the fall, you can keep them outdoors in a sunny spot. Keep the starting mixture moist. If you wish, you can direct sow the seeds instead of starting them in trays. Prepare a planting bed with plenty of compost. Plant the seeds ⁄ 2 inch (1.3 cm) deep and several inches apart. The seedlings are ready to transplant when they grow to be at least 6 inches (15.2 cm) long. Prepare a planting bed for the transplants. Prepare a permanent bed for the seedlings. Choose a spot in the sun that has well-draining soil. Work compost into the soil to a depth of at least 8 inches (20.3 cm). Dig a trench 6 inches (15.2 cm) deep. Leeks must be planted deep in the soil so that the base of the stem stays out of the sun and becomes "blanched." The blanched part is the white, tender, edible part of the leek. Transplant the leeks. Plant the leek seedlings at least 6 inches (15.2 cm) deep and 6 inches (15.2 cm) apart. Pat the soil around the base of the leak so that it covers the roots and reaches the cleft where the leaves spread apart. The process of slightly mounding the dirt in this way is called "hilling." Instead of hilling, you can help the leek stems blanch by putting a cardboard tube over each plant, so that it rests around the base. This serves the dual purpose of keeping the sun away and keeping dirt out of the leek's leaves. Mulch the leek bed. The leeks' roots are shallow, and must be protected so that they stay moist. Water the leek bed thoroughly after planting, then mulch the leek bed with straw to protect it throughout the growing season. Keep the ground moist. Water the leeks frequently to keep them growing healthy and strong. Do not let the soil dry out. Leeks need to be given a good soaking at least twice a week, and more often if you live in a dry place with little rain. Hill the soil periodically. About halfway through the growing season, hill the soil around the base of the leeks again, so that it reaches the place where the leaves cleave apart. The higher the hill, the larger the edible white part of the leek will be. However, hilling too high can cause the leeks to rot. Weed the leek bed. Since leeks have shallow roots, it's important to weed frequently so they don't have to compete for nutrients. Weed the leek bed frequently throughout the growing season. Harvest leeks when their stems are 1 inch (2.5 cm) in diameter. Leeks are generally ready to eat when their stems are about 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick. However, if you have a taste for young leeks, they can be harvested at any time. Younger leeks are less flavorful but they are more tender, and may be eaten like scallions. You can leave leeks in the ground until they get quite large if you don't want to harvest them all at once. Plan to remove them all before the ground freezes in the fall. Dig around the leek bases and pull them out. Keep the roots intact when you harvest the leeks. Use a spade to dig around the base of the leek, then gently pull on the leaves to remove it from the ground. Wash the stems to remove dirt. The leeks will need a good scrubbing to remove the soil from their stems. Wash away all of the dirt using a vegetable scrub brush. Store the leeks in a fridge or cool cellar. Leeks can be stored in the refrigerator if you plan to eat them within the week. Wash and dry the leeks and place them in a plastic bag or in your vegetable crisper. When you're ready to cook them, remove the roots and the green part of the leaves, and process the white portion of the stem to use in a recipe. For longer-term storage, keep the roots attached to the leeks and trim back the leaves until just 1 inch (2.5 cm) of green remains. Store them upside down in a wooden box, and back them with sawdust. Place the box in a cool cellar for up to 8 weeks. You can also freeze leeks. Remove the roots and leaves and blanch the white stems. Place the blanched stems in freezer bags and store them for several months. 
Be willing to serve for a minimum of 2 years of active duty. You should know from the start that when you become a member of the Navy Medical Corps, you'll be required to serve at least 2 years on active duty. You should be willing to fulfill this requirement before thinking about applying for the job Active duty means that you will work full-time for the military. That means you can be deployed at any time. Since the Navy operates hospitals all over the world, you may be reassigned as the Navy sees fit, sometimes in a different country. Understand the role of a Navy doctor. Once you become a member of the Navy Medical Corps, your work will be very similar to that of a civilian doctor: you'll meet with patients, diagnose conditions, provide treatment, and attend conferences and lectures. The only difference is that your patients will be active and retired members of the armed forces and their families. There are numerous advantages to being a Navy doctor. You may have medical school paid for, be able to practice without worrying about insurance or overhead costs, have a guaranteed pool of patients, vacation time, and plenty of opportunity for promotion and advancement. Cons include consistent moving and relocation while you're on active duty, being away from family and friends, and a more limited choice of specialties than the civilian sector. Learn the other requirements. Besides the willingness to serve 2 years on active duty, applicants must meet several other criteria to qualify for a position in the Navy. The applicant must be a U. S. citizen currently practicing medicine in the US. The applicant must be a graduate of a medical school accredited by the American Medical Association (AMA) or the American Osteopathic Association (AOA). A recent graduate must obtain a medical license within a year of enlistment. An applicant must be between the ages of 21 and 64. Candidates over 64 will be considered on a case-by-case basis. A recruit must pass a physical and mental exam. Contact a Navy recruiter. Whether you're a college student just starting to think about a medical career, or a doctor that's been practicing for years, your first step to joining the Navy is contacting a recruiter. He can speak with you and let you know all your options for becoming part of the Navy Medical Corps. Click here to find the Navy recruiting office nearest to your location. Ask about financial assistance for medical school. If you're a college or high school student considering medical school, ask the recruiter what sort of financial assistance the Navy offers. You don't have to attend a military medical school to join the Navy. You can attend the medical school of your choice and can apply for financial assistance to complete your degree. Depending on what financial plan the Navy offer you, you may emerge debt-free from school. The Navy will expect you to serve a certain amount of time on active duty if you receive a financial package. There are numerous financial packages you may get, so the best thing to do is ask your recruiter which is best for you. One possible financial package is the Navy Health Professions Scholarship Program. It includes 100% tuition coverage for school, plus a monthly stipend for living expenses. There is also the Navy Health Services Collegiate Program. This would provide from $157,000 to $269,000 for your education and living expenses. Apply to and attend medical school. After you've contacted a Navy recruiter and set up a plan, the Navy typically asks nothing else of you until you complete your education. Your next steps are very much like any regular medical student. You have to apply to medical school, then graduate with your degree. After you do that, you can begin training for your career in the Navy. Read Get Into Medical School and Survive Medical School for more detailed tips on finding the right medical school and successfully getting your degree. Consider a specialty you would like to study. The Navy offers over 30 sub-fields for its doctors to specialize in. When you start attending medical school, begin considering a field you would be interested in. Then tailor your experience, like internships and rotations, to this sub-field. That way you can ensure that you are qualified for the specialty you're interested in. Click here for a complete list of specialties the Navy offers for doctors. Specialties include typical civilian areas like neurology, family medicine, dermatology, pediatrics, and sports medicine, and military-based specialties like fleet Marine Corps medicine. Complete a residency. After graduating medical school, you have to complete a residency. Residencies typically last a year or more and give you hands on training in a particular specialty. You can do your residency with the Navy or in a civilian hospital. You may have more choice of specialties if you do your residency in the civilian setting. The Navy also has programs to give financial assistance to residents, so as always, contact your recruiter and see what your options are. Residencies within the Navy are excellent as well, but space may be limited and you might have to wait for one to open up. Contact a Navy recruiter if you're already a practicing doctor. There is still plenty of opportunity for someone who didn't know they wanted to join the Navy when they were a student. Sometimes the decision to join the military is one that comes later in life. Some doctors who have been practicing for years decide to apply their skills to a different setting and join the armed forces. If you've already graduated medical school and are practicing, contact a recruiter. Practicing physicians usually get a sign on bonus and a high salary, depending on their level of experience and specialty. Recent sign on bonuses can be as high as $220,000-$400,000 if the applicant is highly qualified. Doctors who have worked in the civilian field often enjoy the military because they don't have to worry about insurance or other financial matters. They feel more free to provide the care they think their patients need. Attend Officer Development School. Whether you begin your Navy career right after medical school, do a civilian residency first, or are already a licensed physician, you'll eventually have to attend Officer Development School. You'll learn about military discipline, etiquette, and development. It will involve both classroom work and physical training. At the end of the course, you'll be an officer and a doctor in the Navy. Officer Development School is a 5-week course that takes place in Newport, Rhode Island. Classroom topics include Naval Leadership, Naval Administration, Naval Organization, Sea Power, Military Law, Military Indoctrination, Naval Warfare and Damage Control. You must also pass a Physical Fitness Assessment. There is a 22% maximum body fat level for males and a 33% maximum for females. A test will include pullups, pushups, and a 1.5 miles run. It is recommended that you begin an exercise regimen before attending. Get your assignment. After passing Officer Development School, you'll be given your first assignment in the Navy. You'll be sent to one of the several hundred medical facilities the Navy operates around the world. Based on your expertise and education, you could serve in a hospital, clinic, air base, surface ship, and others. Be sure to follow all orders and report for your assignment promptly. 
Prepare the strainer. Line the fine-mesh strainer with a large piece of cheesecloth, and set it over the nonreactive bowl. Set this contraption on your work surface so to have it ready for the cheese mixture. If you don't use cheesecloth, it will be difficult to separate the cheese curds from the whey. You can substitute a double layer of paper towels or a thin cotton dishcloth in a pinch. Heat the milk, cream and salt. Place the milk, cream and salt in the saucepan and heat the mixture over medium-high heat. Allow it to heat until it reaches 200 degrees F. When the mixture is hot enough, turn off the heat and move the saucepan so the milk can begin to cool. It should take about 5 minutes to reach the correct temperature. Stir the mixture as it's heating to prevent it from scorching on the bottom. Use your candy thermometer or an instant-read thermometer to determine whether the mixture has reached the right temperature. If you don't let it cook long enough, the curds won't separate from the whey. If you overcook it, the texture will be ruined. Slowly add the vinegar. Use one hand to stir constantly while the other hand slowly pours the vinegar into the heated milk and cream mixture. The vinegar will cause the curds to coagulate and separate from the whey. You'll see solid bits forming and floating to the top of the liquid. Keep stirring until all of the vinegar has been added. The curdling agent in this case is vinegar, but some people prefer to use other substances. Try substituting 3 tablespoons (44.4 ml) of lemon juice for a different flavor. For a more traditional touch, try using animal rennet as your coagulant. Mix 1 teaspoon of rennet with 1/4 cup of cold water, then stir it into the milk mixture. Let the mixture sit until it's thick. Wait about 10 - 20 minutes for the coagulant to go to work and cause the curds to separate from the whey. It's ready when the curds have floated to the top to form a thick layer, leaving the liquid whey underneath. Ladle the curds into the strainer. Scoop out the thick top layer of curds and ladle them over the cheesecloth-covered strainer. Keep ladling out the curds until all that's left in the saucepan is the whey. You can discard the whey at this point. Let the ricotta drain. Wait at least an hour for the last of the whey to drain from the ricotta through the cheesecloth into the bowl. It will take about half an hour for the ricotta to fully drain. Don't attempt to stir it or push it through the cheesecloth, as this will just push the curds into the cloth. If you'd like a creamier final product, stop draining the ricotta after 5 - 10 minutes. For a drier final product, wait an hour for it to drain. Spoon the ricotta into a bowl. The finished ricotta is now ready to use in your favorite recipe. It's delicious as part of a savory dish or a dessert. Ricotta will keep in the refrigerator for about a week. Save the whey from making cheese in a non-reactive pot. When you make homemade cheese, you'll have curds at the bottom of the pot, and you'll pour off the whey. Filter as many of the curd particles out as you can since they would otherwise form tough "beads" in the final ricotta. Cover the whey and let it sit for at least 12 hours at room temperature to develop sufficient acidity. Acidified whey acts as its own coagulant, making it unnecessary to add vinegar or lemon juice to separate the curds. Heat the acidified whey. Pour it into a saucepan and heat it while stirring, taking care to avoid sticking or burning. Heat until the temperature has risen to about 175 degrees Fahrenheit and a white appears on the surface. Continue heating and stirring until the temperature reaches 200 degrees Fahrenheit. Note that the foam will build up somewhat. Be careful. If it boils, it can boil over. Remove the whey from heat and wait for it to curdle. Cover it and allow it to cool undisturbed until comfortable to the touch. The curds will soon appear like clouds suspended in the whey, while the whey will be clear and yellowish green. Strain the ricotta. Do not stir up the curd. Instead, set up a receiving pot with a large strainer and a fine clean cloth on top. Ladle the curds into the cloth, leaving the whey in the saucepan. Discard the whey. Be sure to scoop out the curds gently. Because the curds are very fine and delicate, they can stop up the cloth easily. This will cause very slow draining if they are broken up. Drain the whey through the cloth. It can take 2-3 hours for the whey to completely drain. If you prefer, you can set the strainer in the refrigerator and let it drain overnight. Remove the ricotta from the cloth. Pack it into a container, cover it and store in the refrigerator. Use it soon after making. Ricotta will keep up to a week in the refrigerator. Alternatively, ricotta freezes very well. 
Use a soft, dry jewelry cleaning cloth to polish sapphire. Giving the gemstones an initial polish before using soap and water will remove some of the less stubborn smudges and tarnishes, making the entire cleaning process more effective and efficient. Fill a small bowl with warm water and dish detergent. You'll want to make sure that the water temperature ranges from warm to hot and that there is enough water in the bowl so that the sapphires can be completely submerged. Keep in mind that most types of dish soups or cleaning detergents will suffice. However, make sure the soap you're using possesses a degreasing agent. Place the sapphire in the warm, soapy water and let soak for a few seconds. This initial soak will help remove and/or loosen some of the remaining residue on the gemstone. This will also significantly reduce the risk of scratching the sapphire during the scrubbing process. Scrub the rock gently with a damp cloth. After the sapphire has soaked, gently scrub it with a cloth or a soft-bristled toothbrush to clean the more resilient smudges and dirt. Most residue should come off relatively easy after the initial soak. You'll want to soak sapphires with more persistent residue or smudges for a longer period of time. Rinse the stone and dry it with a soft cloth. After you've removed the sapphire from the bowl, run it under hot water to wash away any of the dirt or excess soap that may have left. Dry the sapphire completely with a dry jewelry or polishing cloth to prevent water stains, which are more prevalent when cleaning with hard water. Soak the sapphires in a bowl of hot water. Combine hot - not warm - water and soap in a small bowl and place sapphires in the bowl to soak anywhere from 10-20 minutes. Soaking the gemstones will help loosen the more persistent dirt or smudges that have built up. The main difference in the two cleaning styles is the amount of time you let the sapphire soak. The dirtier the sapphire, the longer you'll want to let it soak, which is ultimately aimed at reducing the amount of scrubbing you'll have to do. Gently scrub the sapphire to remove remaining smudges and residue. Use a soft-bristled toothbrush, make-up brush or jewelry rag to scrub the sapphire. Rinse the sapphire under warm tap water to clear away dirt and then gently scrub away any remaining residue. Make sure sapphire is dried thoroughly before storage. Use a dry jewelry cloth to thoroughly dry the sapphire before storing as to eliminate the possibility of leaving water marks. Store sapphires in a dry place to ensure cleanliness is retained. 
Tie it in the bandit style. This is one of the most classic styles for a square silk scarf. Lay your scarf flat on a table. Fold two of the corners to meet each other, creating a triangle. Place the scarf around your neck with the wide triangle point over your chest pointing down. Wrap the two ends around your neck, and tie them in a loose knot either over or under the triangle, whichever you prefer. Create a basic knot. Lay your square scarf flat on a table. Fold it in half so that two points meet, creating a large triangle. Then, starting at the widest part of the triangle, fold in inwards in 2–3 inch (5.1–7.6 cm) sections. This should leave you with a long rectangular scarf that can be wrapped around your neck and tied in a simple knot. Tie your scarf in a bow. Put your scarf on a flat surface and spread it out completely. Fold the scarf in half diagonally to create a large triangle. Roll the scarf up to create a long, skinny stretch of fabric. Wrap this around your neck, and tie it in a simple knot and bow. Adjust the bow by stretching out the fabric for a fuller look. Go with a classic ascot. Wrap your scarf up into a vintage ascot. Fold your scarf in half diagonally to create a large triangle. Drape the scarf around your neck so that the triangle lays on your back, and the two ties are in the front. Tie the ends together in a loose knot; you can tuck the triangle into the scarf a bit in the back if you would like. Create a faux-infinity scarf. Lay your scarf out on a table. Fold the scarf in half across the middle, matching the two corners together to create a rectangular shape. Pick up small sections at the corner, and tie each corner-pair together. When you hold the scarf up, you should be left with a large loop that can be fitted over your neck. If your scarf is too small to fit over your head, tie it in this fashion around your neck instead of prior to putting it on. Wear it as a bandana. Square scarves are perfect for tying your hair back. Fold the scarf in half diagonally to create a large triangle. Drape the scarf over your head with the two tail ends at the nape of your neck, and the large triangle covering the top of your head. Tie the ends together in a knot underneath your hair to finish the look. Create a knotted headband. Hold up your scarf and fold it in half diagonally, in order to make it as long as possible. Then, fold it up into a long, narrow, rectangle 2–3 inches (5.1–7.6 cm) wide. Wrap the scarf around your head with the ends at the top of your head. Tie the ends together to create a double knot at the top of your head. The tail ends can be left out or tucked under the wrap to create a finished scarf headband. Tie your scarf around your hair. A small square scarf can make a cute bow when tied around your hair. Put your hair up in a bun or a ponytail. Wrap the scarf around your hair (as is, or you can fold it to be narrow-er) and tie two of the ends together to create a knot around the base of your hairstyle. Use the remaining end pieces to create a completed bow. Do a simple wrap. Pick your scarf up loosely to create natural folds in the fabric. Wrap the scarf around your neck a single time, and then tug at the loop you've created to drape it over your chest. You leave the tail ends of the scarf in the front or the back of Tie your scarf in a hacking knot. Fold your scarf in half, creating a loop at one end with two tail pieces at the other. Wrap the scarf around your neck so that both the loop and tails are in the front above your chest. Then, pull the two ends through the loop, and adjust the fabric to your liking. Create an infinity scarf. Lay your scarf out flat on a smooth surface. Fold it in half and tie each set of corners together to create a large loop. Then, wrap the scarf around your neck, multiple times if necessary, so that no loose ends are left dangling down. Tie a faux-knot. Wrap your scarf around your neck so that both the tail ends are laying across your chest. Pick up one end of the scarf, and tie a loose knot in the middle of it. Then, slide the other tail end through the center of the knot. The knot can be moved up or down to create a tighter effect on the fabric. Scarf braid the tail ends. Create a hacking knot around your neck with the scarf by folding it in half, looping it around your neck, and then sticking the tail ends through the loop. However, instead of putting both tail ends in the loop, place a single tail end through. Then pick up the loop and twist it 180 degrees to create a second loop. Put the second tail end through this loop, twist it 180 degrees again, and then repeat the process with the other tail end. Do this until you run out of fabric. Create a layered loop effect. Drape your scarf around your neck so that both tail ends are in the front, but adjust them so that the right side is twice as long as the left. Then, wrap the right end across the left, and pull the right end up through the gap created below your neck. However, pull the right end from the middle, and drape the loop that you've pulled up over the left tail end. You should be left with a small, flat loop draped over the left tail end (the short right tail end is hidden behind the loop). Tie your scarf like a tie. Wrap your scarf around your neck but adjust the lengths so that the right end is twice as long as the left end. Wrap the right end around the left in a complete loop, and then cross it across the left end again. Instead of wrapping it all the way around the left again, pull it up through the center hole (below your neck) and then tuck the tail end into the loop you've just made by wrapping it around the tail. Pull the right end through and adjust the fabric to your liking. Chain knot your scarf. Drape your scarf around your neck so that both ends are laying across your chest. Tie them together in a single knot, adjusting it to a height of your liking. Then continue adding knots to create a chain, stopping when you run out of fabric or like the appearance of the scarf chain. Make a tied cape. Unfold your scarf completely so that it is totally flat. Drape it over your shoulders like a cape or shawl. Then, grab the two ends and tie them together in a double knot in the front. Tie your scarf in a bow. A long scarf is perfect for a big, flouncy bow. Tie the scarf around your neck in a loose knot, and slide it to the side a bit. Then use the ends to create the classic bunny-eared bow. Spread out the fabric a bit and loosen the bow for a more casual look. 
Choose a plain vodka to drink. Most vodka aficionados believe that drinking vodka in its pure form is the proper way to enjoy this beverage. Vodka is commonly made by fermenting either grains or vegetables. Grain-based vodka tends to taste smooth, even fruity while vegetable-based vodka can taste harsh or medicinal. According to some vodka enthusiasts, a good vodka will taste creamy and smooth. It will smell grainy and have a thick texture when frozen. A bad vodka will be harsh, bitter tasting, watery, and smell like medicine. If vodka burns your palate, it is most likely lower quality. If you have trouble picking a vodka, opt for a popular brand. Most people prefer the taste of Grey Goose, Absolut, Smirnoff, Titos, Ketel One, or Stolichnaya. If pure vodka is too aggressive a taste for you, opt for a flavored vodka like green apple or vanilla. The added sugar content may make the drink more palatable. Throw your bottle of vodka in the freezer for a few hours. This isn't wine! You want this beverage as cold as possible. Don't worry about your vodka freezing solid. Alcohol has a much lower freezing point than water and will remain unfrozen in a standard freezer. Pour the vodka into a small glass. Only fill it enough for a few sips. Remember, this isn't a cocktail; plain vodka will make you intoxicated more quickly. Small tumblers are customary for clear vodkas. Fill the tumbler to between 3-5 millimeters below the rim. Shot glasses are acceptable substitutes for tumblers. Sip vodka, don't shoot it. Focus on savoring the taste rather than getting drunk. Smell the vodka as you swirl it in your glass. Take a small sip and let the flavor rest on your palate for a few seconds. Exhale through your nose to fully appreciate its grainy aroma. Now swallow it and savor the aftertaste. Vodka was originally created to be a food spirit, meant to be imbibed gradually like wine. Eat appetizers between sips. This will help counter the taste and balance the potency of plain vodka. Russian drinkers refer to appetizers as "zakuski" and it is considered traditional to snack between each sip. Common zakuski include quiche, smoked fish, spicy sausage, olives, and cucumbers. Try a Screwdriver. Mix 1-1/2 ounces of plain vodka with 6 ounces of orange juice for the best drink.  Add a few cubes of ice and stir with a spoon. For a more sophisticated drink, make a Mimosa Screwdriver. Mix 1 ounce of orange flavored vodka with 4 ounces of freshly squeezed orange juice. Add a dash of orange bitters and a splash of extra dry champagne. Screwdrivers are best enjoyed in the morning and go great with brunch. Drink a Cosmopolitan. All you need is plain vodka, cranberry juice, Cointreau (orange-flavored liqueur), and lime juice. Add 2 ounces of vodka and 1 ounce of each of the other ingredients. Shake well with cracked ice. Frosting the rim with sugar and adding a lime peel gives your drink a sexy look. You may also add a dash of orange bitters to enhance the taste. Sip a Bloody Mary. This thick, savory cocktail focuses more on zest and spice to please your tastebuds. Mix an ounce of plain vodka with 3 ounces of tomato juice, 1/2 ounce of lemon juice, a dash of Worcestershire sauce, a pinch of salt and pepper, and a splash of hot sauce. Add some ice and stir gently. For a nice garnish, add a single celery stalk. Have Sex on the Beach. The drink! This cocktail is infused with many fruity flavors to help mask the strong flavor of plain vodka. Mix 1-1/2 ounce of vodka with 2 ounces of orange juice, 2 ounces of cranberry juice, and 1/2 ounce of Peach Schnapps. Fill the glass with ice, stir, and garnish the rim with an orange slice.  Enjoy a nice Sea Breeze. As refreshing tasting as its name, a Sea Breeze is simple to make and even simpler to enjoy. Mix 1-1/2 ounce of plain vodka with 1-1/2 ounce of cranberry juice and 4 ounces of grapefruit juice. Add as many ice cubes as the glass can hold. Stir, and garnish with a lime wedge. Indulge in a Vodka Martini. The Martini is a classic choice and the official drink of James Bond 007, shaken, not stirred. Simply mix 2-3 ounces of plain vodka with 1 of dry vermouth. Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice cubes. Shake well and pour the solution into a martini glass. Garnish with 3 olives on a stick. For added flavor, put a twisted lemon peel on the rim of the glass. Flavor your vodka with Skittles. Just like Starburst vodka, this candy cocktail is an alcoholic twist on a childhood favorite. Separate individual Skittles by flavor. Unlike Starburst, this concoction is best enjoyed in discrete flavors. You will need 60 Skittles for each flavor you intend to make. Put the Skittles into an empty water bottle. Use a funnel to pour 6 ounces of vodka into the water bottle. Shake until the vodka takes on the Skittles color. Let the mixture sit a few hours to allow the candy to break down and blend into the vodka. Filter the mixture using an everyday coffee filter, then pour the refined mixture into a seal-able glass bottle. Let freeze for a few hours. Your Skittle vodka is now ready for consumption! Snack on some vodka-infused Gummy Bears. Though not a drink, these fruity, alcoholic treats are fun appetizers to go with your beverage. Fill a Tupperware container with as many Gummy Bears as you want. Pour vodka into the container until it covers the top of the candy. Seal the Tupperware and keep in the refrigerator for at least three days before eating. Taste the Gummy Bears after the second day to gauge whether the strength of the alcohol is to your liking. If not, simply add or empty some vodka from the Tupperware. You may substitute Gummy Worms for Gummy Bears, however, avoid Red Fish and Swedish Fish gummy candies. These candies will not fully soak in the vodka and can sometimes result in an unpleasant goo. Make a Starburst-infused vodka drink. This fruity, makeshift candy cocktail can be enjoyed in each Starburst flavor. Either separate the Starburst squares by flavor or mix the squares based on the taste you want to achieve. Fill an empty water bottle with about 10 unwrapped squares of Starburst. Use a funnel to pour 7 ounces of vodka into the water bottle. Shake well until the vodka begins to take on the Starburst's color. Let the mixture sit overnight to allow the Starburst to break down and blend with the vodka. Strain the liquid using a standard coffee filter. This will help separate chunks of Starburst and make the solution smoother. Pour the blend into containers that are freezer-safe. Glass bottles with seal-able caps are best. Freeze the cocktail for a few hours, then enjoy! 
Do squats to build muscle and tone your buttocks. To squat, stand with your feet shoulder width apart and bend you knees and hinge forward at the hips as if you're going to sit down. Keep going until your thighs are almost parallel to the ground, then slowly rise back up to your starting position. Repeat this 15 to 20 times to complete 1 set. Do 2 to 3 sets of squats into each of your twice weekly strength training sessions. Hold a dumbbell in each hand while you squat to make the move harder. Add a jump at the end of your squats to increase the intensity. Try plie squats or side squats for another variation on the basic squat. Do deadlifts to work your glutes, hamstrings, and back. Start by using an unweighted barbell. Stand with your feet beneath the barbell shoulder-width apart so that the balls of your feet are directly under the bar. Bend forward at your hips and grasp the bar with your hands. Then slowly rise back up to a standing position with the barbell in your hands. Bend forward again to place the barbell back on the ground, and repeat. Do 8 to 10 repetitions for a set. Include 2 to 3 sets in each of your twice weekly strength training sessions. If you add weight to the barbell, be careful not to add too much weight until you get the form of this exercise correct. For example, you might start by adding 5 lb (2.3 kg) and see how you do with that before adding any more. Do front lunges to work your glutes, hamstrings, and legs. To do a front lunge, step forward with your right foot and bend your right knee until your thigh and calf are at a 90-degree angle. Don't allow your right knee to extend beyond your toes. Push off of your front foot to return to a standing position. As you rise up, tighten your glutes, your thigh muscles and your calf muscles to bring yourself back to the starting position in a slow and controlled manner. You can either repeat the lunges on your right side or you can step forward with your left foot and lunge, continuing to alternate sides. Do 2 to 3 sets of 8 so that you perform 8 lunges on the right side and 8 lunges on the left side. Include front lunges in your twice weekly strength-training sessions. Try reverse lunges to work your glutes, hamstrings, and legs. To do a reverse lunge, place your left leg a step behind you. Lower your hips until your left calf is parallel to the floor and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle. Push off of your right foot and raise yourself up. Keep your back aligned with your hips, and use your glutes, quads, hamstrings and calves to push yourself upward. Bring your left foot back to the starting position. Extend your right foot backward and repeat the reverse lunge on your right side. Do 2 to 3 sets of 8 reps so that you get 8 reps for each side of your body. Include reverse lunges into each of your 2 weekly strength-training sessions. Add glute kickbacks to isolate your glutes. Get down on your hands and knees as if you're going to crawl. Then, lift your right foot up towards the ceiling. You should feel the squeeze in the right side of your butt. Hold the lift for 5 seconds before lowering your foot back to its starting position. Do this 12 to 15 times for 1 set. Then, repeat the same exercise on your left side. Do 2 to 3 sets on each leg. Increase the challenge as you go by holding your kickback for longer or by doing more reps. You can also try weighted cable kickbacks to add more resistance as you gain strength. Try hip bridges to work your glutes, core, and hamstrings. Lie down on the floor on your back with your arms at your sides, your knees bent, and your feet flat on the ground. Then, lift your hips and buttocks off the ground until your body is in a straight line from your shoulders to your knees. Hold the position for 5 seconds, then lower yourself back down to the ground. Repeat this 8 to 12 times to complete 1 set. Do 2 to 3 sets in each of your twice weekly strength-training sessions. To make the move more challenging, lift 1 foot off the ground and straighten your leg. Do 1 set on this side and then switch legs to work both side of your glutes equally. Another option is to hold a dumbbell across your hips while you do the lifts. This will also add extra resistance. Do fire hydrants to work the sides of your glutes. Start by getting down on all fours, preferably on a yoga mat or other comfortable surface. Keep your knee bent at a 90 degree angle and lift one leg outwards to the side so that the side of your leg is parallel to the floor. Hold for 2 seconds, and then lower your leg back down to the starting position. Do 2 to 3 sets of 15 to 20 reps on each side. Make the move more challenging by holding your leg up for longer and increasing the number of reps. Try skater lunges. Skater lunges work your glutes, plus a number of other muscles in your legs. Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart. With your left leg, step diagonally behind your right, and lower yourself into a lunge so that your knee almost touches the floor. Then, return to your starting position. Repeat the movement with your right leg, stepping diagonally behind your left. Do 2 to 3 sets of 15 to 20 reps on each side. If you want to increase the intensity, hold a weight in each hand while you do the exercise. Cinch in your waistline or wear clothes that contour your hourglass figure. Anything that draws in at your smallest points is a safe bet. Avoid tops or dresses that cinch in just below your bra or that cinch around the hip as these will diminish the appearance of your butt. Place a dark-colored belt over any shirt or dress at your natural waistline to elongate the line of your body and draw the eye to your smallest section. Opt for high-waisted pants, shorts, skirts, and jeans. High-waisted items will accentuate the smallest part of your waist and make it look even smaller, which will make your butt look bigger. Look for items that use horizontal color blocking. Don't wear vertical stripes on your bottom half as this design will make your backside appear smaller. Instead, wear items that have a horizontal divide between the waist and skirt or halfway down the skirt. This will help to accentuate your backside and make it appear larger. Also, consider pocket placement and color. Small, high back pockets and ones with eye-catching designs are great for giving the illusion of a bigger rear. Stay away from jeans with big pockets or no pockets at all. Pair short, fitted skirts with high heels. Heels will make you naturally tilt your pelvis forward, making your legs look longer and your butt look bigger. They also flex your calves, making your legs look more toned. Pairing heels with a short, fitted skirt will make your butt look even bigger. If you're uncomfortable in heels, start out with a kitten heel. No one will be looking at your butt (no matter how great it is) if you're constantly on the verge of falling over. Wear padded panties under your clothing to add volume and curves. You can purchase special padded underwear online and in lingerie stores that are meant to make your butt look bigger. Wear them under your clothing like regular underwear. Padded panties come in different types and padding levels. Choose the level of padding that appeals to you. Incorporate 3 daily servings of protein-rich food in your diet. Protein is important for building muscle, but it's important to avoid eating too much. You only need about 10 to 35% of your total daily calories to come from protein. Have a serving of a protein-rich food with each meal and you will get plenty. Some good choices include: 1/2 cup (120 g) of low-fat cottage cheese 3 oz (85 g) of skinless chicken breast, fish, lean beef, or ground turkey 1/2 cup (120 g) of beans or lentils 3 oz (85 g) of tofu 1 cup (240 g) of cooked quinoa 8  fl oz (240 mL) of low-fat milk Ensure that 50% of your calories come from carbohydrates each day. Carbohydrates are essential for fueling your body during your workouts, so make sure that you eat 1 to 2 servings of carbohydrates with each meal. You can get carbohydrates from a variety of foods including whole grains, fruits, and vegetables. Some good choices include: Whole grain breads and cereals Brown rice Whole wheat pasta Oatmeal Sweet potatoes Fruits, such as apples, bananas, oranges, and melons Eat healthy fats in moderation to provide fuel for your workouts. You don't need a lot of fat in your diet and too much fat can be bad for you. However, eating about 20 to 35% of your calories from fat is a reasonable amount that may help to fuel your strength-training workouts. Opt for healthy, unsaturated fats instead of saturated and trans fats. Some good options include: Olive oil Canola oil Nuts, seeds, and nut butters Avocados Fatty fish, such as salmon and mackerel Adjust your caloric intake to lose weight or gain weight if needed. You may need to increase your daily caloric intake to gain weight if you're underweight, or cut calories to lose weight if you're overweight or obese. Being very thin means you won't have as much body fat all over, so your butt is more likely to look flat. But being overweight means you're more likely to have excess fat around your middle, which can make your butt look small by comparison. Talk with your doctor to determine if you might benefit from losing or gaining weight. Don't try to lose or gain weight to affect the size of your butt if you're at a healthy weight. Get a massage to enhance the appearance of your butt. A gluteal massage may help to improve the appearance of your rear. Go for a full body massage and ask for them to pay attention to your gluteal muscles. Keep in mind that some massage therapists may not massage this area directly, but they may be willing to massage the areas around your buttocks. Be aware that a massage will not directly affect the size of your butt. It may make the skin glow and give the temporary illusion of tone, but your rear will not get magically bigger overnight. Try microcurrent treatments to make your butt look taut and toned. Check with your local spa or a dermatologist to see if they offer microcurrent buttock treatments. This is a method of stimulating the muscle fibers in your buttocks to make them appear more toned and taut. Getting a treatment done is roughly the equivalent of doing 360 squats. Keep in mind this treatment won't make your butt bigger, but it may help it to appear firmer than before. Meet with a board certified plastic surgeon to discuss surgical options. If you're very unhappy with the appearance of your butt and you've tried everything to get it to the size you want, you might have reached limit of your genetics. Keep in mind that many celebrities have surgery to achieve a certain figure. If you're striving for a specific look that you haven't been able to achieve with exercise, diet, and clothing choices, find a board certified plastic surgeon to discuss treatment options. Keep in mind that plastic surgery is not covered by insurance and it can be quite expensive. 
Have a doctor diagnose your plantar warts. Before you use any home remedies to treat warts, confirm that any skin condition you suspect may be warts are actually plantar or mosaic warts. An accurate diagnosis can help you to develop the best care plan and help ensure that you don't damage your skin with unnecessary treatments. A doctor will diagnose the warts by examining them. Leave the warts to heal without treatment. Plantar warts will often disappear on their own without treatment. If your mosaic warts are not painful, consider leaving them to heal without treatment. Mosaic warts, which appear on the feet, are often very painful and you may want to treat them as soon as possible. The only way to ensure that you do not experience a recurrence of mosaic warts is to ensure that they are completely removed. If you decide to not treat your wart, it's important to understand that you can transmit them to other people. Plantar warts are very contagious. Apply salicylic acid to the wart. Salicylic acid, often found in acne medications, is an over the counter treatment that can be applied to a wart to treat it. Salicylic acid comes in different forms such as gels, liquids, or even patches. You can get salicylic acid treatments for plantar warts at most drug stores and many grocery stores. Apply salicylic acid every day after soaking your foot to soften the warts. The treatment shouldn't cause you any pain. Salicylic acid treatments can take weeks to work and remove the warts. Only use salicylic acid on your skin. If you get it on your eyes or in your nose or mouth, rinse it off with water right away. Salicylic acid is not a good treatment option for those with neuropathy, as the numbness makes it difficult to determine tissue damage. Cover the warts in duct tape. Although doctors are not sure why this home remedy works, covering your warts in duct tape can help treat and remove mosaic warts. In between treatments, you should file off the dead layers of the wart with a foot file. Apply the duct tape directly over the wart and leave it there for six days. When you remove the duct tape, file off the dead wart layers with a foot file or pumice stone, which you can get in any drugstore. Expose the wart to the air for 12 hours after filing off the layers of dead skin. Reapply the duct tape after this. Continue this treatment of duct tape and filing until the wart is completely gone. Freeze off the warts with over the counter medications. Cryotherapy, or using a freezing treatment, can also effectively treat and remove warts. This over the counter medication can be painful and comes with other dangers. You can purchase freezing treatments at most drug stores or some grocery stores. Freezing is a safe treatment for warts if used according to the package directions. There is minimal risk, though freezing treatments can cause pain. Freezing treatments can be flammable and shouldn't be used near any fires, flames, heat sources such as curling irons, or lit cigarettes. Freezing treatments are not ideal for treating warts on children, as the process can be too painful. Exfoliate the skin on the wart. Getting rid of the dead or dying skin on a wart may help it to heal faster, especially if you opt to forgo other treatments. Use a pumice stone, emery board, or foot file to gently remove the layers of dead or dying skin from a wart. It's important that you gently file off the skin on a wart or around it. If you don't you could damage your skin and potentially spread the warts to other parts of the affected area. Use a Vitamin C paste. Grind up 4-5 Vitamin C tablets and make a paste to apply to the warts. This very acidic mixture can help dissolve the warts and fight the virus that causes warts. You can get Vitamin C tablets at most drug and health food stores. Mix the ground up tablets with distilled water and dab the paste onto your warts. Cover the area with a bandage or duct tape. Administer a vinegar compress. Soak a cotton ball or bandage in vinegar and administer to your skin with a band aid or elastic tape. Using this treatment daily may help to dissolve your wart. You can use any type of vinegar, though many sources suggest using apple cider vinegar. Leave the compress in place for one to two hours daily. Prevent warts from spreading. One of the best ways to treat warts is to not get them. There are several options to not spread the virus from wearing proper shoes to not picking at warts. Avoid direct contact with your plantar warts as much as possible and wash your hands after applying treatments. Clean and dry your feet and change your shoes and socks daily. Wear shoes or sandals to places such as pools or gyms, where the risk of contracting warts is high. Don't pick at your warts, which may spread the virus that causes them. See your doctor if home remedies don’t work. In the case that your mosaic warts don't heal or get worse with home treatments, consult your doctor. You may need a stronger treatment, such as a laser procedure, to completely remove the warts. Talk to your doctor about professional treatment options. If your warts don't go away with home remedies or you choose to allow your doctor to remove the warts, talk to her about your different treatment options. This can help ensure that you get the most effective, least invasive, and most painless treatment for your warts. Undergo topical treatment. Your doctor may decide to treat your warts topically with a mixture of cantharidin and salicylic acid. You may see results within a week to a few months. Your doctor will apply the mixture directly to your wart and cover it with a bandage. The treatment will cause a blister to form under the wart, which may peel off the wart. Cantharidin treatment is painless when administered, but often becomes painful after 24 hours. Freeze off the wart with liquid nitrogen. Similar to over the counter cryotherapy, your doctor may opt to freeze off your wart with liquid nitrogen. This can be a painful treatment that requires multiple applications. Your doctor will apply the liquid nitrogen directly to the wart. Like cantharidin, this will cause a blister to form under the wart and help peel it away. Use a chemical peel to strip away the wart. Your doctor may choose a chemical peel to treat your wart. She may apply it in the office or give it to you to do at home. In general, your doctor will use a higher concentration salicylic acid to peel away the wart than is commercially available. Shave the wart and apply acid. In this often very painful treatment, your doctor will shave away the surface of the wart and apply a bichloracetic or trichloroacetic acid to the affected area. This type of treatment requires frequent doctor's visits. You will need to return to your doctor's office weekly for treatments with this method. Your doctor may ask you to apply salicylic acid to the wart in between visits. Shaving and applying acid can cause burning and be very painful. Get laser therapy. If your warts are especially acute or persistent, you doctor may treat them with laser therapy. Laser treatments cauterize tiny blood vessels, causing infected tissue to die and the wart to fall off. There is little evidence for the effectiveness of laser therapy. Laser treatments can cause pain and scarring. For this reason, they are often used as a last resort for treatment. Receive immunotherapy. If other methods of medical treatment do not heal your warts, your doctor may try immunotherapy. They may inject your warts with antigens or apply creams to the warts. The goal of immunotherapy is to stimulate your immunotherapy to destroy the wart. Immunotherapy can be painful and cause scarring and is used less often than other treatments. 
Choose a date and time to hold the car wash event. Be sure to check that the weather is good because people won't want to get their cars washed on (or right before) rainy days. Weekends are also a good time because most people won't be rushing to and from work or school. Make sure the day you pick will work for everyone in your group. Find a location for the car wash that has necessary amenities. Think about all the amenities you'll need for the car wash and choose a location that offers those things. For instance, you'll need a place where you can set up a hose line or fill buckets with water. Parking lots are typically the best option for car washes. You might also want to have access to a bathroom or shade nearby (especially if it's a hot day) for your volunteers and customers. Choose a location with lots of visibility to get the most customers. Pick a spot that's visible and easily accessible to drivers. For instance, a parking lot on the side of a busy road near an intersection will likely get more customers than a lot on a quiet residential street. If you're organizing the event for your church or highschool, try to be near your own neighborhood for the sake of convenience and safety. Ask the property owners about letting you use the space. Tell the property owners you'll be working for a charity or school and they'll be more likely to let you have the space. Let them know the date and time of the car wash and, if necessary, whether your volunteers and customers might want to use their amenities. Be friendly and understanding if they say no. Make sure that the date and time you've chosen is good for them, too. Create a sign-up sheet to keep track of your volunteers. Determine how many people from your group or community are willing to participate. You can post a sign-up sheet in common areas like hallways or designated school, work, or church bulletin boards. You can also use an online signup sheet like VolunteerSpot or ScheduleOnce. Be clear about the timing on the sign-up sheet and dedicate a column for people to write down the times they're available if you need to break the day into shifts. Create a list of roles and tasks for your volunteers to sign up for. Have volunteers sign up for particular tasks and be clear about various duties associated with each role. For example: “Sign holders will be stationed on the sidewalk greeting people,” or “Ushers will collect money and direct cars into the washing zone.” You'll probably need the following roles: Sign holders and greeters - Have a few volunteers stationed on street corners near the car wash with their signs. Instruct them to stand about half a block away from the car wash so they can direct people into the area, if necessary. They'll need to be energetic and be able to speak about the cause to draw people in. Car washers - Dedicate at least 2 people to be washing cars. 4 or 5 washers is ideal so 2 people can be working on a single car at the same time. Washing multiple cars can be exhausting, so they'll need to have some physical stamina. When it comes to this task, the more people, the better! Cash collectors - Designate 1 person as the official cash collector. They'll be the ones doing cash and credit transactions either at car windows or at a table. They'll need to be friendly and be able to talk about the cause. Concession vendors (optional) - If you choose to sell drinks and snacks at the carwash to collect more donations, you'll need to have 1 person to be stationed at the table. They'll also need to have a cash box or pouch. Break up the day into shifts for your volunteers to sign up for. People have busy schedules, so breaking up the day into 1 to 2 hour shifts can increase the numbers of volunteers you get. Also, washing cars is hard work and other roles might be deemed boring, so your volunteers probably won't want to stick with any single task for more than an hour or two. If you like, leave space for volunteers to list their preferred tasks. Be clear about the timing of each shift so your volunteers know the exact times they're signing up for. For example: Molly: Cash collector - shift 1 (12:00PM - 1:00PM), Car washer - shift 2 (1:00PM - 2:00PM) Jared: Sign holder / greeter - shift 1 (12:00PM - 1:00PM), Cash collector - shift 2 (1:00PM - 2:00PM). Gather volunteers ahead of time to do a practice run, if possible. Schedule a day where your volunteers meet up to practice washing cars before the actual event. This act as a way to ensure adequate speed and quality of the wash. Consider switching around the roles if some people are naturally better at other tasks. For instance, if a car washer is low in energy and needs some food, allow them to swap roles with the cash collector or someone at the concessions stand (if you have one). Use a timer on your smartphone to see how long it takes your volunteers to wash a single car. This is important to know if you want to advertise it as a quick wash or if drivers are in a hurry. Determine a fair price for your car wash or make it donation-based. Usually, $5 is a good amount, but be sure to adjust the price for special services like waxing or interior detailing. You may also up the price when it comes to large SUV or vans. Alternatively, you can ask for donations, which can sometimes result in more revenue than charging for the wash outright. Keep in mind that you'll also need to designate a volunteer to candle cash. Plan a detailed budget that covers supplies and other materials. Determine your budget before you go shopping for supplies. Most of the funds should be allocated towards necessary materials. Then, if you have some left over, you can think about non-necessities. If you are offered discretionary funds from your school or organizations, whoever approved the funds will probably want to see and approve a copy as well. For instance, if you have a budget of $50, allocate $30 to $40 towards buckets, soap, polishing tools, and anything else you might need. Then, spend around $10 on posters, markers, and other items needed for advertising. Whatever's left over can be spent on extra supplies or, if applicable, concessions. If you're working with a strict budget, go to the store where you plan to purchase items first to tally up the prices. Pool your group’s resources to borrow or buy necessary items. Ask your school or community center if they have advertising materials like poster boards and markers. Also, ask your volunteers if they already have some of the materials you'll need or if they're willing to chip in to buy said items. Things like rags and buckets are pretty common household items, so it doesn't hurt to ask if you're working with little or no budget! Buy 1 or 2 cash boxes or pouches to collect donations. Go to a value-priced or secondhand store to purchase a secure cash box to collect dollars and coins. You can also get a fanny pack so the cash collector can wear it around while doing other tasks (like washing cars!). You can use a shoebox or other vessel to hold the cash, but just make sure to put it in a location that's not too conspicuous or accessible by passersby. If you're only designating 1 person to collect cash, only have 1 box or pouch. If you have 2 collectors (1 for the car wash, 1 for nearby concessions), get 2 different vessels. Get a credit card swiper to take non-cash payments and donations. If possible, buy a bluetooth or plug-in card reader that's compatible with your phone so you can take credit cards. Or, ask your school, organization, or group of volunteers if you can borrow one for the event. Magnetic stripe card readers cost anywhere from $4 to $10, so incorporate that into your budget if you plan to get one. Not everyone carries cash these days, so you'll probably bring it way more funds with a card swiper! Meet with your group to create posters a week before the event. Ask some of your volunteers to meet up to make some posters and signs for the event. Be sure to include the price and mention the cause you're supporting. People may be more willing to get their car washed if they know that the money is going to a good cause. Feel free to make the signs and posters colorful, but make sure larger signs are readable so people driving by can read them from a distance. Be sure to check with the property owner if you'll be using stakes or trees to hold up the signs. Use social media to advertise your charity car wash. Make an event page and share it with your friends and family (and ask them to share it with their friends as well). Mention the cause you'll be raising money for on the page and, if possible, provide a link to the charity or organization. Make sure to list the time and date correctly on the event page. Let people know the prices and any special services that will be available (like waxing or interior detailing). Pre-sell tickets to friends and family. Pre-selling tickets online via an event page or fundraising platform is a great way to raise money from people who can't show up for the car wash. Use platforms like PayPal or GoFundMe to talk about your cause and reach a wider audience. It's also a great way that faraway friends and family can support your cause. Garner more attention by using quirky traits or gimmicks. Be sure to advertise what's special about your car wash. For instance, if it's eco-friendly, be sure to put that on signs. If you'll be washing cars in less than 5 minutes, emphasize how fast it is. Do anything you can think of that might entice people to stop in and support the cause. You can even consider certain gimmicks that might draw people in. Try to make it relate to your cause, if possible (e.g., all of your volunteers might wear animal onesies to raise money for wildlife protection). Ask local businesses to put up fliers about the event, if possible. Go to restaurants, coffee shops, and other privately-owned businesses to see if they'll put up some of your flyers in their window. Let them know about the cause you're supporting to make it more likely that they'll say yes. Don't put up posters in various places without asking first! Ask your volunteers to arrive at least 20 or 30 minutes early. Requesting people come early will give you enough time to set up the area and remind people of their duties. It will also give you time to reallocate tasks in case some people have to cancel at the last minute. The more people you have showing up early, the easier the setup will be! If the venue has a restroom, you might want to show the volunteers where it is so they don't have to disrupt others in order to ask or spend time wandering around. Choose a washing zone that’s near a gutter or drainage vent. The washing zone is going to be wet and have lots of dirty run-off, so choose a spot that's closest to a gutter or other drainage system. It should also be an area where there's enough room to fit both large and small cars. If you're not sure, ask the property owner for their suggestion. Put the concessions table and rest area away from the washing area. If you plan to have a rest area for drivers to get out while their cars are being washed, set up some chairs in a shaded area (especially if it's a hot day). Place your concessions table far enough away from the wash zone so water isn't spritzing the snacks! Also, make sure it's not downhill from the wash zone—people won't like stepping in inches of dirty water! Fill buckets with water and, if applicable, set up the hose line. Ask your volunteers to help you fill up multiple buckets with water from a nearby spigot and carry them into the washing area. Or, if there's a hose-line hookup or hose nearby, unwind it and extend it into the washing zone so it's ready to go. Place the buckets in an accessible area right next to where cars will be parking. If you're using buckets, it's important to show your volunteers where they can refill them. Distribute necessary materials to the car washers. Equip each car washer with all of the materials they need and let them know where they can get more supplies if they need them. For instance, give each person at least 1 sponge and dry rag for washing and drying. Keep extra supplies close enough to the washing zone so volunteers have quick and easy access. Station your sign holders on the sidewalk according to ideal traffic flow. Watch how traffic is flowing so you can find the best spot to station your sign holders. For instance, stationing them on the same side of the road (facing oncoming traffic) is going to be more effective than on the opposite side because drivers can easily enter the wash area without having to make a U-turn. If you're stationed near an intersection, plant sign holders on each corner or on a large grassy median. Just be sure that the sidewalk or space is safe for your volunteer! 
Choose a good time and place to talk. You should be honest with your guy friend about the fact you do not like him back. Have a sit-down conversation with him at a good time and place Pick a time when your friend won't be stressed. You do not want to tell him right before a big football game or exam. Instead, wait for a weekend afternoon when neither you nor your friend has big plans or obligations. As it's just going to be you and your friend, pick a place that does not look like a date. Going out to lunch together may feel date-like, so choose something more low-key. What do you and your friend normally do together? Maybe you like to hang out in the park. This may be a better location. Write some notes. It can be difficult to tell your friend you're not interested in him. At the moment, you may feel nervous. Therefore, try to write down your thoughts ahead of time. This will help you get a sense of how you feel, and figure out the best way to express that. Get a pen or pencil and paper and jot down your thoughts. How do you feel? What is the best way to express this? From there, write down what you want from the conversation. Do you want you and your friend to work on salvaging the friendship? Do you need some space from this friend so he can sort out his feelings? You should not read out what you're writing word-per-word during the discussion. This is more of a way to get your thoughts out. By writing out your thoughts ahead of time, you can better express them at the moment. Feel some empathy for your friend. You want to try and get a sense of what your friend is feeling going into the conversation. Empathy is important at any point but is vital to difficult conversations. Your friend may react negatively to the news, and you want to understand why so you do not become frustrated. Try to think about how you would feel in your friend's position. Imagine having feelings for someone, and thinking that person may feel the same way. It would be crushing to hear the truth. Your friend will likely feel sad and disappointed and worried about the harm done to your friendship. Carry this empathy into the conversation. While talking to your friend, he may react poorly. He may become upset, or even angry. Try to remember your friend is going through something difficult. Remember what it's like to be in his shoes at the moment, and you'll be better equipped to cope with a negative reaction. Remain open-minded. If you go into the conversation with assumptions, this may change how you act. For example, if you expect your friend to get mad, you may go into the conversation with hostility. Conversely, if you think your friend will shake it off easily, you may come off as uncaring. Remind yourself of what you don't know. You cannot know how a situation is going to unfold until it's occurring. Therefore, it makes no sense to make predictions. Go into the situation calm and optimistic, but with no assumptions on how your friend will react. By keeping your expectations open, you'll find it easier to deal with a range of potential reactions. Be honest about how you feel. You want to make sure your friend understands you do not want a romantic relationship. You do not want to give a soft answer, that gives your friend hope that you'll change your mind in the future. You should be as honest as possible about how you're feeling. Explain your feelings upfront. You can begin the discussion with something like, "I know you have feelings for me, but I don't have any romantic feelings for you." It can help to explain the reasons for your feelings, as this can give your friend closure. However, remember that being honest does not mean being brutal. If you want to give a reason, be tactful. Maybe you're just not attracted to your friend. Do not say, "You're a little too short, and that's not my type physically, so I don't think it would work." You don't want to sound like you're tearing your friend apart. Instead, try something like, "I just don't feel a physical spark between us." Make it clear you want to maintain only a friendship. A lot of times, saying, "Let's still be friends" can be misinterpreted. People may take this as a sign you may change your mind. Your friend may think you will eventually develop romantic feelings for him. Make it clear you want to continue the friendship, but without the hope of a romantic relationship. Emphasize you value the friendship. Say something like, "You are one of my best guy friends, though, and that's important to me." Honesty is important when you make it clear you want to stay friends. Don't leave it at, "Let's stay friends." Make it clear you only want friendship. Say something like, "I want us to stay good friends, but I just want to be clear I don't see a romantic relationship developing between us." Listen to how your friend responds. Your friend may very well be upset or hurt by the conversation. That's understandable. Being rejected romantically hurts. You should listen to your friend's response. Allow him to express himself, just as you did. Your friend may be disappointed and upset. This is understandable. Try to be empathetic as you listen. Remind him that you do still value the friendship. Your friend may also have some questions for you, regarding your feelings. If you choose to answer the questions, do so honestly, but without being brutal. If he asks why you're not attracted to him, say, "I'm just not" rather than diving into specifics. Allow for some space. It can be very hard to return to a normal friendship after letting someone down. In the aftermath of your conversation, you and your friend may both need some space. You can try setting basic boundaries. For example, you could agree to just see each other at school for a set number of weeks. However, you may want to have looser boundaries. You could, for example, agree to lessen upon contact, but with no specific rules how. You may find one-on-one hangouts, texting, and calling slow down, but that you still see your friend out in groups. Show your friend you appreciate him. A good way to make sure a friendship stays strong over time is by showing basic love and appreciation. Even though a romantic relationship is out of the question, find ways to show your friend you appreciate him. This will make it clear you value your friend's role in your life, even if you do not want a romantic relationship. Make sure to genuinely listen to your friend. Show interest in his passions, troubles, successes, and failures. Ask him, for example, how the debate team is going. Wish him good luck, or make him a small card, going into a big competition. However, you may want to hold off on gestures of appreciation for a bit after your talk. You do not want them to be mistaken for romantic interest. Respect your friend's feelings. Being friends with someone who is romantically interested in you can be confusing. Even if you've made it clear that you only want a friendship, your friend may be harboring some hope things will change. Be aware there may be different expectations so you can navigate them accordingly. Make sure you understand there is no right or wrong when it comes to expectations or wants. Your friend may continue to want a romantic relationship with you, and he cannot turn off how he feels. However, you cannot change how you feel either. This is equally important to remember. You should not feel guilty if you do not return your friend's feelings, nor should anyone make you feel bad about your feelings. It's always okay to feel what you're feeling. Keep communication open. Going forward, keep talking to your friend regularly. If your friend's feelings do not go away, you may have to have a conversation again in the future. Make sure you and your friend keep communication open between the two of you. Uncomfortable situations can occur if your friend remains romantically invested in you. Feelings of anger and resentment may build, especially if you start dating someone else. It's important to avoid building resentment. Let your friend know that he can still tell you anything, even if you're just friends. If he's feeling angry or frustrated with you, let him know he should not hold it in. If you're able to keep talking, and navigating awkward or frustrating situations, you and your friend can salvage the friendship despite this setback. 
Roll out a piece of cellophane to 35 to 40 inches (88.9 to 101.6 centimeters) long. and 6 inches (15.24 centimeters) wide. You can also use plastic wrap instead, but you will have to be extra-careful so that it doesn't fold in on itself or wrinkle. Clear cellophane would be best. If this is for a graduation ceremony, however, consider using one of the school colors instead. Arrange your candy down the center of the cellophane. Leave about 1 inch (2.54 centimeters) of space between each candy bar. You should also leave about 1 inch (2.54 centimeters) of space between the first/last candy pieces and the short ends of the cellophane. Small candy bars, such as the kind sold during Halloween, work best for this. If you are using small candies, such as Hershey's Kisses or Starburst, you can pile them in groups of 3 to 4. If you are using larger candy bars, arrange them in groups of one. Fold the cellophane onto the candy, then start to roll the candy towards the other end of the cellophane. Try to keep the 1-inch (2.54-centimeter) wide spaces between the candy. If you need to, use your finger to separate the candy after you have finished rolling it up in the cellophane. Cut 6 to 8-inch (15.24 to 20.32-centimeter) long pieces of curling ribbon. You can also use satin ribbon or sheer ribbon instead. If this is for graduation, consider using the school's colors. Tie each ribbon around the space between the candy. You can do a simple double-knot, or you can tie the ribbon into a fancy bow. If you are using curling ribbon, consider curling the ends. You can do this by pulling the ribbon between your thumb and the pair of scissors. Over lap the two ends of the lei, then tie a ribbon between the two candies. Be sure to tie the ribbon into a tight, double knot. If you want, you can tie the ends off into a bow, or curl them instead. Finished.  Get some individually-wrapped candy. The candy that works best for this method are candies that are wrapped in cellophane, with the ends twisted shut. Great examples include Werthers, Jolly Ranchers, and saltwater taffy. Cut lots of 6-inch (15.25-centimeter) long pieces of curling ribbon. You can use just one color or lots of colors. If this is for a graduation ceremony, you could even use the school's colors. You will need one piece of ribbon for each candy. Tie a piece of 6-inch (15.25-centimeter) long curling ribbon to one end of the candy. Place a piece of ribbon behind the wrapper, right between the candy and the twisted part. Make sure that the ribbon is centered, then pull the ends of the ribbon towards you and tie it into a tight, double-knot. Keep tying the ribbon to the candy until you are all out of candy. Don't worry if the ribbon pieces look too long. You can always cut them down later. Cut a 42-inch (106.68-centimeter) long piece of 2-inch (5.08-centimeter) wide ribbon. The color of the ribbon does not matter, because it will be covered by candy in the end. It might be a good idea to use a color that matches your candy, however, in case there are any gaps. Start tying the candy to the 2-inch (5.08-centimeter) wide ribbon using tight, double-knots. Alternate the sides you tie the candy onto, and gently scrunch the candy together every so often. This will give you an extra-full lei. Leave about 2 inches (5.08 centimeters) at each end of the ribbon so that you can tie it together. How full your lei turns out depends on how much candy you add. Consider tying a knot at the end of your 2-inch (5.08-centimeter) wide ribbon to keep the candy from sliding down while you work. Tie the ends of the wide ribbon together to form a loop. Be sure to use a tight, double-knot, and that there are no gaps between the knot and the candy. Consider trimming or curling the ends of the curling ribbon. You can leave the curling ribbon as they are, or you can trim them down. You can also curl them slightly by running them between your thumb and a pair of scissors. Finished.  
Select a tankini if you are apple shaped. Apple shapes have a larger midsection and thin legs and arms. Tankinis with shirring or shapewear in the stomach can draw attention away from that area. A bottom with high cut sides will show off your legs. Pick a ruffle bikini if you have an athletic shape. Athletic shapes have a straight up and down body without many curves, and adding a ruffle can trick the eye. A bikini with a ruffle on top and bottom will give the illusion of a shapelier figure by adding volume to those areas. Ruffles can also be used on just one piece of a bikini to emphasize only one area. Choose a string bikini if you have an hourglass shape. Hourglass shapes have a small waist with nearly identical bust and hip measurements. A string bikini will accentuate your curves and draw attention to your waist. Many string bikini bottoms have side ties that allow you to adjust the fit. Select an underwire bikini if you are pear shaped. Pear shapes have larger hips with a small waist and bust. An underwire top will enhance your bust and draw the eye up. Pair it with a hipster bikini bottom as they offer more coverage in back while lending balance to your hips. Select light colors to draw attention. Lighter shades can highlight areas, especially when a used with a darker shade. If you are an apple shape and want to highlight your legs, wear a light blue bottom with a navy top. Similarly if you are an hourglass shape and want to highlight your waist, choose a light colored top and bottom. Look to dark colors for concealment. You can draw attention away from specific areas with dark colors. Black is a go to color for this, but any dark color can work. A dark colored top paired with a lighter or patterned bottom will help disguise a large bust area. Choose patterns to balance your figure. Patterns draw the eye and can create symmetry, especially when used with a solid. A small pattern top with a solid bottom can balance your figure if you are pear shaped. Use stripes to your advantage. If you want to give the illusion of longer legs, a vertical striped bottom can help. Drawing attention to your bust and hips with horizontal stripes can make your waist seem smaller. Try embellishments to show off your figure. Whatever part of your body you wish to highlight can be done with embellishments. Jewels, sequins, flowers, and cut outs can all draw attention to specific areas. If you aren't comfortable with a top and bottom with decoration, try it on just one piece and use a solid for the other piece. Choose a top that stays in place. The best way to see whether this is the case? Jump around in the fitting room with your bikini top on. If it slips out of place, digs into you, or feels awkward, it's not the right one for you - it'll do the same when you're moving around in the pool or ocean. Choose a comfortable bottom. The bottom part of the bikini should not only stay in place but also feel snug and not be on its way to giving you a wedgie. Look for a bottom that fits your measurements - you should measure your hips at their fullest point, which may not be your hipbones! Use a mirror to determine the largest part of your hips, then translate your measurements to bikini sizes. For example, in the U.S., a hip measurement of ⁄ 38 inch (2.5 cm) would be a size small. Buy your bikini in a store if possible. Trying on a bikini before you buy it will give you a chance to try multiple styles. This will also help ensure you have the correct fit. If you order your bikini online, check the site for a sizing chart and read reviews regarding fit. Make sure you read and understand the site's return policy. Try on mix and match bikinis. Many retailers offer consumers the option to personalize their bikinis. This will allow you to choose a top and bottom that you are comfortable wearing and fit you best. Mixing and matching is especially helpful if you need a different size for the top and bottom. Decide which material is best for you. There are advantages and disadvantages to the most common materials used in swimsuits. When choosing one, think of the activities you will be participating in as well as swimsuit longevity. For a strong material that is lightweight, choose nylon, Lycra, or neoprene. These are often mixed with other materials and have been treated to withstand the elements. If you want a suit to withstand chlorine and fading, choose Polyester. It is usually mixed with other materials to enhance the swimsuit's qualities. This is an extremely common material for swimsuits. For competitive suits, choose Polybutylene Terephthalate (PBT) for its natural stretching ability. This material also stands up to chlorine exposure. 
Get your horse examined by a veterinarian. The vet will look at the eye and socket for any kind of foreign bodies (such as a foxtail). The vet may also apply a special dye called fluorescein which reveals any damage to the surface of the eye. To see the eye in greater detail, the vet will use an ophthalmoscope which has a series of lens to magnify both the surface and the deeper chamber of the eye. To perform a thorough eye exam, the vet may need to dilate your horse's eyes. Learn how to apply common types of medications. Once your vet has diagnosed your horse, a medication (like an antibiotic) will probably be prescribed. This will probably be an in the form of drops or ointment. Drops may be helpful for several days because they can relieve pain, but your horse will need to be in a shaded area or have a fly mask since drops can dilate the pupils. Understand how to correctly apply these medications to your horse's eye: Apply an ointment 2 to 6 times a day, as recommended by the vet. Run the ointment over the top of the eyelid to make sure it cleans the whole eye. Apply eye drops (like atropine) by pulling up on the skin above the eye to widen the opening. Prepare the ointment by squeezing a small amount to the end of the tube. Approach the horse's eye from behind so that he doesn't see it coming towards him. Use a finger and thumb on one hand to open the eyelid and spot the drop against the inside of the lower lid. You can also drop it onto the surface of the cornea. Let the horse close his eye, which will naturally spread the ointment over the surface. Treat corneal ulceration. If the vet diagnoses your horse with a corneal ulceration, the vet will probably numb the surface of the eye using local anesthetic drops. The vet will carefully rub the surface with a sterile cotton swab to remove any dead tissue that's stuck to the eye. Removing the tissue will speed up healing. The eye will be rinsed with sterile saline and the vet will probably prescribe antibiotic eye drops. You'll need to apply them 2 to 6 times a day (depending on the medication) for around 7 to 10 days. A corneal ulceration is often caused by grit or a branch rubbing against the surface of the eye. This creates a divot on the surface of the eye that the vet can see during the examination. If not treated, corneal ulcerations may wear down into the eye. Treat Equine Recurrent Uveitis (ERU). The vet may diagnose your horse with ERU or "Moon Blindness" which causes the pupil to spasm and contract. While there's no cure for ERU, treatment will focus on handling the symptoms. The vet may prescribe antibiotic drops to put in once or twice a day to dilate the pupil and stop the painful spasms. You'll probably want to keep your horse in a shaded area and avoid riding him while the pupil is dilated, since this can interfere with his vision. Steroid drops may also be prescribed to reduce inflammation. Pain medication may also be prescribed. ERU is an inflammation in the uvea within the eye, which is made up of the iris, the fibers that hold the lens in place (ciliary body), and the lining of the eye. It's a painful condition which prevents the eye from functioning properly. This keeps the horse from focusing and can make it difficult for him to see. Treat conjunctivitis. The vet will treat this bacterial infection by keeping the eye clean. Disposable cotton pads are soaked in saline and wiped over the eye. The vet will prescribe an antibiotic ointment to be applied once or twice a day for 7 to 10 days. Conjunctivitis is a bacterial infection of the surface parts of the eye. This can be hot, itchy, and painful for the horse, creating a lot of discharge from the eye. This discharge can gum the eyes shut, making it more attractive for flies to lay their eggs there. To prevent fly infestation, it's important to keep the eyes clean. Distinguish between a healthy and diseased eye. Both eyes should appear symmetrical when you look at the horse head on. Both eyelids should open to the same extent, the whites of the eye should be white, the pupils (dark central part within the eye) should both be the same size, and the eyes should be clean, clear and bright. Look for the following, which may indicate problems with the eyes: Swelling of just one eye or eyelid A red eye or eye with angry blood vessels in what should be the white part of the eye One pupil that's larger than the other Jumps or lines in the surface of eye, which could indicate a scratch or ulcer Yellow or green discharge (Occasionally, when it's very dusty the eye may wash dust out of the eye in which case you will see a clear goopy discharge in the inner corner of the eye. This can be normal.) Squinting or avoiding sunlight An eye that looks red, cloudy or sunken An eye that the horse keeps closed An excessive amount of tear fluid, such that the eye is constantly watering The whites of the eyes are puffy and swollen The surface of the eye doesn't look clear and shiny but is dull or glazed with white Realize the importance of getting medical attention. If you notice anything unusual about your horse's eyes, call the vet. There are many potential causes of eye problems in horses, from allergy, trauma, and debris, as well as other diseases. These need to be professionally diagnosed and the correct treatment started, in order to preserve the horse's eyesight. Neglecting to act or ignoring the horse has a problem could endanger the horse's sight. Be aware that some conditions may require lifelong treatment, like Equine Recurrent Uveitis. The sooner you start caring for your horse's eye conditions, the better chances he has of recovering or living comfortably. Make your horse more comfortable. Before the veterinarian arrives to examine your horse, take a moist, clean cloth to remove any discharge from around the eye. You should also shield the horse from direct sun. Put blinders or a fly mask on your horse to help protect the horse from direct sunlight. Alternately, you can move the horse inside. All of these things can make your horse more comfortable and reduce strain on troubled eyes. Some conditions such as recurrent equine uveitis are aggravated by sunlight and UV, so keeping the eyes protected is important. Monitor your horse's progress. If the eye seems to worsen or doesn't improve within several days, it's best to have your vet come back out for an exam. Ulcers can sometimes increase in size, and even threaten the inner part of the eye if not treated aggressively from the beginning of treatment. Don't use ointments or medications without your veterinarian's approval. When it comes to treating your horse's eyes, the vet is the most knowledgeable person to quickly care for your horse. 
Play “Would You Rather. ” Give your friend two options and ask them which option they'd prefer. For example: Would you rather give up food or give up sleep? For maximum fun, make the choices outlandish or silly. Play a game of “Telephone. ” Everyone sits in a line or circle and the person on the end whispers a sentence to the person sitting next to them. That person then passes on the message until it travels all the way down the line. The last person says what they heard aloud and the person who started the message reveals what was actually said. For this game to work, you'll need no less than five people. Sing a song. Start singing a popular song and have your friends join in. If you know several songs by the same artist, perform a medley of their music. Have people try to sing the harmonies and trade the melodies off between singers. If you're feeling really inspired, choreograph a dance to match. Practice the dance and see if there's somewhere you can perform it, like a talent show or in front of your classmates. You can also improvise a song. To do this, just start singing any made up melody that comes to your head. Have your friends improvise harmonies to go along with your melody. The trick to improvisational music is not to judge yourself. Have a staring contest. Sit across from your friend. Pick a comfortable position that you can remain in for a while. Stare into each other's eyes without blinking or looking away. Whoever blinks, looks away or laughs first loses. You are allowed to make funny faces at your partner in order to try to break them. Be careful that you don't accidentally make yourself laugh instead. Style your friend’s hair. If your friend has long hair, play with it. Braid it or put it up in a ponytail. Experiment with different styles or looks. Having your hair played with is extremely relaxing for most people and is a great way to bond and pass the time. Play a hand clapping game. There are many games that only require four hands and some concentration. Ninja Slaps is a great example of this. To play Ninja Slaps, position your hands on top of your friend's hands, palms facing down. While making eye contact, wait for your friend to try to hit your hands, and when that happens, try to pull them away before contact is made. If your friend hits your hands, switch positions. If not, your friend will try again. Be careful not to hit the hands too hard as this can cause soreness and redness. Make a mental to-do list. To-do lists are great because they help keep you organized and allow you to prioritize. In your mind, make a list of everything you need to do that day and figure out in what order you want to complete the tasks. When creating a to-do list, prioritize quality over quantity. Don't just add something to your list because it's easy to cross off. See how long you can hold your breath. Being able to hold your breath for long periods of time is beneficial for certain sports, like swimming or surfing. It's also a great way to keep yourself occupied when you have nothing else to do. Try looking at the clock and timing yourself to see how long you can currently hold your breath. Keep practicing and see if you are able to increase that amount over time. Be mindful that holding your breath for too long can lead to health risks, including fatal blackouts. Use your imagination. Whatever your fantasy is, live it out in your brain for a few minutes. Imagination is important because it helps you reignite your passions and stimulates your creativity. Let your mind drift off wherever it wants to go. Chances are, you'll go somewhere fun and the time will pass quickly. If you're fantasizing while in class, make an effort to at least look like you're paying attention. Reflect on a good memory. Think about a fun trip you took recently or a cool party you went to. Remember all the things that made the experience positive and try to recreate them in your brain. Play a mental slideshow of all the memories you have from those experiences. The walk down memory lane will keep your mind occupied and will help you remember a happier time. Take a nap. Time flies when sleeping. Napping for just 20 minutes can help refresh the mind, improve overall alertness, boost mood and increase productivity. Exercise. Lots of exercises can be done without equipment, using only your body weight. If you're bored, exercising can be a great way to not only exhaust your body, but also to stimulate your brain. Try doing one of the following exercises that require no objects: Pushups Sit ups Jumping Jacks Lunges Squats Stretch your body. Stretching is not only good for your flexibility, it also helps your memory and mood. For stretches that will keep you loose and entertained, try touching your toes or extending your arms overhead for a full body stretch. For maximum stretch benefits, try stretching at least once a day. Give yourself a hand massage. Between your phone keyboard and your computer keyboard, your hands get quite the workout. To relax them, rub your fingers across the heel of your hand in a circular motion. Also try rubbing the muscle between your forefinger and your thumb. 
Spend some time in the United States. To be an immigration officer you not only need to be a U.S. citizen, you must have spent three of the past five years in the United States. If you have been abroad for a long while, you might need to spend some time in the country before applying. Obtain a valid driver's license. You will need a valid driver's license to apply. You will also need to maintain a clean driving record. Be safe and careful while driving. Stay out of trouble. In addition to having a clean driving record, you also need a clean criminal record. As with most law enforcement, certain misdemeanor infractions can be excused, but felonies will immediately disqualify you. Either way, the cleaner your record, the more competitive your application will be. Maintain physical fitness. Immigration officers might be required to chase and apprehend people much as a police officer would. When applying, you will be asked to perform a physical fitness test to determine your edibility. Your training should prepare you to perform pushups and endurance cardio. Do not push yourself so hard that you get hurt and disqualify yourself from the job. Slowly work up to more rigorous exercise regimes. Obtain a bachelor's degree in a relevant field. As an immigration officer you will be required to read and understand the laws that you enforce. To be qualified you should complete a four-year degree, preferably in a field that pertains to government or public service. Good options include Political Science, Criminal Justice, and Homeland Security. Learn more languages. In the course of your job, you will be required to interact with people who do not speak English. Speaking a second, or even third, language could be an important asset and give you a huge leg up when applying for a job. To prove your fluency, you should try to take language courses while in college. If you have already graduated, consider taking additional language courses at a local community college. You will have proof that you have mastered the subject, and course fees are typically low. Stay mentally alert. You will be required to take a written test similar to the SAT when applying to work as an immigration officer. The test will ask you to interpret text, perform basic mathematical functions, and correct grammatical mistakes. Read complex texts, perhaps high literature, on a regular basis so that you have practice understanding difficult language. You should be able to perform addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, operations with fractions and mixed numbers, percentages, ratios, proportions, probability problems, rate problems, averages. You should also be able to solve for unknown quantities, answer word problems, and calculate area. Work for the federal government. Preference in hiring is given to applicants who have experience working with the federal government, the military, Vista, and the Peace Corp. Veterans and federal employees with at least three years' consecutive experience get lifetime preference. In contrast, Peace Corp Volunteers get one year's preference and Peace Corp employees get three years' non-competitive eligibility. Less than three years' consecutive experience of federal employment qualifies you for three years' reinstatement eligibility. Don’t wait too long. To become an Immigration Officer you must be under 40 years of age. You can continue working after that age, however, you must begin your term of employment by the age of 39. Search USAJOBS. USAJOBS is the online hub for employment opportunities with the federal government. Search “Immigration” and read all vacancy announcements with care. Apply through USAJOBS. Apply to be either a special agent, a deportation officer, or a detention and deportation officer, depending on your interests. Once you have picked a position, follow the directions on the USAJOBS website. Fill out all elements of the application completely and honestly. Special agents are engaged in a variety of law enforcement issues, including criminal and terrorist investigations, and generally work in the field. Deportation officers tend to focus on immigration issues and violations of immigration law, and often conduct research in an office. Detention and deportation officers focus on removal operations. Take the written test. If you make it to the next phase of the process, you will be asked you to complete a series of tests that establish your eligibility. The written test is composed of three parts: Arithmetical Reasoning, Logical Reasoning, and Writing Skills. In the Logical Reasoning Test, you will be asked to interpret complex texts. You should always assume that the text is correct. Never bring outside knowledge to the question. Your answer should be based exclusively on what you have been assigned to read in the question. The Arithmetical Reasoning Test will require you to answer questions pertaining to addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions, mixed numbers, proportions, ratios, and area. You will also be asked to complete word problems. The Writings Skills Test will ask you to correct grammatical errors. In order to do this, you should understand the way that parts of speech and clauses are properly used. There is no penalty for guessing wrong. You should pick an answer for every question, even if you are unsure about the correct answer. Sit for the oral examination. The oral exam will assess your interest in the position, and suitability for law enforcement work. It will evaluate your communication skills, emotional maturity, reporting ability, and attention to detail. You will also be provided with a photograph and asked to write a narrative report. The report will be judged according to organization, ideas, and grammar. Pass the medical exam. You will be required to take a medical test that includes sight and hearing. Bring medical information with you to the physical examination. Take your fitness exam. The Pre-employment Fitness Test is composed of three parts. It will be administered at the same location as your medical exam, but is considered a separate test. Failure to perform any part of the test correctly will make you ineligible for the job. #*You will be asked to perform a Kneel/Stand Test. You will assume several stances often used when firing a gun. With your arms extended as if you were pointing a firearm, you will make all 10 positions while maintaining proper posture. You will be expected to stay in a kneeling position for 2 minutes without interruption. The Push-up Test requires that you perform 15 push-ups in a two-minute time span. You cannot break from push-up position during the test, though you can rest if you maintain pushup position. Improperly performed push-ups will not count. The Step Test quires that you step on a 16” high step for a period of five minutes. You must do this at a cadence of 96 steps per minute. To measure your cadence, you will be expected to step in time with the beat of a CD that will played along with the test. You should wear appropriate athletic attire, including gym shorts, T-shirt, water, and athletic shoes. Undergo training. After receiving a job offer, you will be required to perform additional training. You will be paid during the training period. ICE training is an intensive academy where basic law enforcement skills and immigration-specific knowledge are taught. You will learn, among other things, how to use a firearm, how to conduct searches, and the legal aspects of various immigration issues. Supplementary education will prepare you for your specific position and areas of interest. Additional training might include law enforcement and firearm skills, legal education, or even language instruction. Continue to meet requirements after you accept your position. Your job has only begun. You will be required to maintain your firearm readiness and physical fitness. You must also be flexible when asked to move to a new location. 
Try using a restrictive harness. If your dog is behaving dangerously, you'll need to use proper restraining equipment. These devices can be used on walks as well as around the house - just don't leave your dog unsupervised while wearing a leash, harness, or muzzle, as this may lead to injury. Using a head halter may be more effective than a regular collar. The head halter restricts your dog's ability to move and lunge while on the leash. If your dog has ever bitten someone, you should have your dog wear a basket muzzle when it's around other people or animals. Whether you use a muzzle or a head halter, make sure it is properly fitted to your dog's face. This will help prevent injuries to your dog and reduce the chances of your dog slipping free. Keep a short leash. Any time you're out walking your dog, you may run into someone or something that elicits a dangerous or aggressive response. You can help reduce the risk of incidence by shortening your dog's leash when you approach other people or animals. A leash should be worn at all times when your dog is outside your home. If you see anything that you know may upset your dog, like a runner, bicyclist, skater, or another dog, pull your dog in close and hold the leash as short as possible. Hold your dog's attention. In addition to holding a short leash, holding your dog's attention is one of the best ways you can help reduce the risk of incidence on walks. It may take some training, but eventually your dog will focus on you - and on the treat in your hand. Use a verbal cue, such as "watch me," "leave it," or "sit and stay." Use your cue consistently with your dog so it knows what you expect. If you use a clicker for training purposes, you can utilize that tool while trying to hold your dog's attention. Bring plenty of treats on your walks. Any time your dog gets upset, offer treats as a reward for good behavior when your dog responds to your commands. Limit opportunities for territorial aggression. The best way to train your dog out of territorial aggression is by limiting its opportunities in the first place. Your dog may display territorial aggression to people or vehicles approaching your home because it sees these people and things as a threat. By removing your dog's opportunity to bark or growl, you can help break your dog of this potentially dangerous habit. Block your dog's access to windows or keep them covered with curtains or blinds. Don't let your dog near the door when someone (like the mail carrier) approaches. Try to drown out the sound of an approaching person with music or by distract your dog with treats and toys. If you go outside in your yard, keep your dog on a leash and stay with your pet to supervise it. Give your dog more exercise. Getting adequate exercise each day can help reduce aggression and other behavioral problems in many dogs. Though this may not completely fix your pet's problems, for many dogs it noticeably reduces incidences of aggression and misbehavior. Aim to get 45 to 60 minutes of brisk exercise twice each day. Your dog should be panting by the end of each exercise session. You can give your dog exercise by playing catch, throwing a frisbee, going jogging or running, going hiking, or taking your dog swimming. Don't start out with long, strenuous workout sessions if your dog isn't used to it. Start slowly and build to the twice-daily 45 to 60 minutes gradually over several weeks. Work with a specialist. Professional training is the best way to break bad or dangerous behavior problems. There are many training options available for dog owners. Ask your vet or search online to find out about training opportunities near you. You can hire a trainer to work one-on-one with your dog, or you can enroll in a group class. A trainer can give individualized attention, while a group class improves your dog's social abilities. Choose a trainer or class that employs positive reinforcement-based training methods. These will help your dog develop consistently better behavior. If your dog continues to have aggression problems, hire a canine behavioral specialist. This type of trainer will work with your dog to curb this undesirable behavior. Teach "sit" and "stay" commands. Two of the most useful commands for a dog to learn are "sit" and "stay." These commands, when used properly, can prevent displays of aggression and stop bad behavior in its tracks. Have your dog sit. If your dog hasn't learned the sit command yet, you can help teach it by gently pushing your dog's rear end to the floor while calmly but firmly saying "sit." Once your dog sits on command, give it treats and verbal praise. Give the command "stay" while slowly taking a few steps back from your dog. You may have to repeat the command with each step, or once may be enough, depending on your dog. If your dog moves before you release it, go back to where you were and start over. If your dog obeys, break the hold by saying "good dog" or "okay, come" and offer treats and verbal praise. Use the "leave it" command. "Leave it" is just as valuable as "sit" and "stay" when breaking bad behavior. By teaching "leave it," you can prevent your dog from approaching other animals or from going after another dog's food or toys, which may otherwise lead to conflict. Hold some treats in your closed fist and show your hand to your dog, keeping the treats hidden in your palm. Allow your dog to sniff and lick your hand, but don't give access to the treats. As soon as your dog discontinues its efforts to get the treats in your hand, say "good dog" and offer a treat from a separate location (say, a bag in your pocket or on the counter). Never give the treats in your hand that were off limits. Once your dog starts to resist the urge to sniff and lick your treat hand, start using the verbal command "leave it" before you show your closed hand to the dog. Gradually increase the difficulty after a week or two by showing your dog your opened hand full of treats and using the "leave it" command. Quickly close your hand if your dog lunges for the treats and start over. Once your dog masters the "leave it" command with a closed hand, begin leaving the treats on the floor and using "leave it," then offer treats from your pocket or the counter. Again, never give the restricted treats, as this can ruin your training. Try to desensitize your dog. Once you've determined what your dog reacts dangerously towards (like bicyclists, for example), you can begin to desensitize your dog to that stimulus. Start out slowly and work from a safe distance away, then gradually get closer every training session. Eventually, your dog should realize that the person or thing it's frightened of or aggressive towards is not a threat. Give your dog a series of treats in rapid succession while you approach the frightening stimulus or any time it is in plain view. The treats should be given continuously to hold your dog's attention and its good mood. Stop giving treats immediately after you've moved away from the person or object your dog is aggressive towards. Keep your dog on a leash during this type of training to prevent any risk of injury to the other person or people your dog is showing aggression and fear towards. Train against possessive aggression. Possessive aggression is when a dog displays aggressive behavior towards people or animals that get close to something the dog wants. This most commonly happens with food and treats, but it can happen with other items like a dog bed or even a piece of furniture. Limit your dog's access to items it might get possessive of. You can do this by blocking off certain areas of your home or by hiding these objects out of reach. If your dog is possessive and aggressive over toys or treats, remove your dog's access to those items. Only give access when your dog is in its crate (if you use one) or a confinement room alone with you. Keep your dog on a leash during training. Work on offering food rewards as you take possession of the item(s) your dog gets protective of, speak in a calm but confident voice, and pet your dog while you take the desirable item(s). Restrict all access to highly-desirable items like rawhide bones and pig's ears, at least during your initial training. These items are more likely to provoke an aggressive response. Communicate with your vet. If your dog has displayed behavioral problems that could be dangerous, it's important that you talk to your veterinarian. Your vet may run tests to see if your dog is otherwise healthy. Your vet can also recommend behavioral and medical options that might help improve your dog's behavior. Contact your vet once you've witnessed your dog misbehave dangerously more than once. The first time could be an anomaly, but a second incident is likely the start of a pattern. Describe your dog's behavior in meticulous detail. Try to remember the exact situation and circumstances in which each incident occurred. Ask your vet questions about your dog's behavior. Your vet may have recommendations, so letting the vet know that you're open to suggestions can help expedite your dog's treatment. Spay or neuter your dog. Spaying and neutering dogs has been shown to reduce aggressive behavior, including on-leash lunging, mouthing/nipping, and biting. Neutering a male dog will also prevent it from trying to escape your home to seek out a mate, which is a major cause of dog injuries due to collisions with vehicles and other dogs. Ask your vet if spaying or neutering your dog may help curb your pet's behavioral problems. Check for underlying medical problems. Sometimes the reason a dog misbehaves dangerously is because the dog is in pain or is fearful of a medical condition it has. Your vet is the only person who can definitively determine if this is the case, usually through blood work, a chemistry panel, or a thyroid test during your dog's examination. Some common medical problems that can lead to aggressive behavior include, but are not limited to: epilepsy hypothyroidism arthritis hip dysplasia dental disease Consider medication. Medication for behavioral problems should always be viewed as a last resort when training alone hasn't worked. However, medication by itself will not be as effective. In order to correct your dog's behavioral problems, you'll need to continue working on behavioral training, even as you administer medication from your vet. Some commonly used prescription medications for canine behavioral problems include: clomipramine (Clomicalm) amitriptyline (Elavil) fluoxetine (Prozac) 
Learn about the ASVAB test areas. The ASVAB is broken down into different areas of expertise based on aptitudes that are integral to military service. For more information about each section, speak to a military recruiter or request an informational brochure. These descriptions will offer better insight into how you should study for the exam. There are 9 subject areas tested by the ASVAB. Four of them are academic in nature and count towards an AFQT score, and 5 of them are to determine military occupational specialties. Your AFQT score must be at least 31 to qualify for admission. Contact a military recruiter by visiting the U.S. Army website at https://www.goarmy.com/locate-a-recruiter.html. You can also request an information pack from the U.S. army by filling out your contact information at https://my.goarmy.com/info/form/GetBrcFormRedirectByUrl.action?url=/info/send1. Set aside time for reading. Set up a study plan for the ASVAB by breaking down your work into sections. Devote a good deal of study time to reading, which will help you prepare for test areas that test your comprehension skills. These ASVAB test areas include: Word Knowledge: questions about the basic meaning and context of words, tested through your use of synonyms. Paragraph Comprehension: questions that will test your understanding of written material. Schedule time to practice problem solving. Schedule study time that will be devoted to science, math, and reasoning problems. Take the time to work through sample problems and hone your calculation skills. This practice will help you tackle ASVAB test areas such as: Arithmetic Reasoning: basic arithmetic questions, presented in the form of word problems. Mathematics Knowledge: questions that will measure your grasp of mathematical applications and concepts. General Science: a combination of life science, physical science, and earth and space science questions. Devote time to hands on studying. Some sections of the ASVAB require a more practical, hands on method of studying in addition to reading about them. If possible, actually engage in or observe the activities that you will be tested on (e.g., wood working, auto repairs.) If this isn't an option, look for relevant instructional videos to offer you a visual representation of ASVAB tests areas that include: Electronics Information: questions that will test your knowledge of electronic systems, devices, electrical current, and circuits. Auto and Shop Information: questions about auto maintenance and repair, as well as questions related to wood and metal shop work. Mechanical Comprehension: questions about the principles of mechanical devices, as well as their structure and materials. Assembling Objects: questions that test your knowledge of spatial relationships. Look up sample ASVAB questions. To get a better sense of what will be asked of you on the ASVAB, search online for sample questions. THE ASVAB is given in multiple choice format, with four possible answers for each question. Visit the ASVAB testing program website at http://official-asvab.com/samples_app.htm to access test questions. To study for the ASVAB, purchase a test prep book and take online practice exams. Take a pre-ASVAB. If you're worried about failing the ASVAB, take a pre-ASVAB to gauge your performance. Your scores on these practice tests will not count, but will give you a sense of what areas of knowledge you should work on. You can take a pre-ASVAB with a military recruiter, or access one online to take on your own. Focus your studying. Once you take the practice test, concentrate your studying on the areas you didn't perform as well in. In addition, you should study for the area of specialization that interests you most to further your chances of developing a career in that sector. Devote time and energy to studying to ensure your success. Show up feeling healthy and well-rested. To improve your performance on the ASVAB, get at least six hours of sleep the night before. Getting less rest than that will hinder your concentration and other cognitive skills, which will adversely affect your test results. Eat a healthy, well-balanced meal before taking the test to prevent the distraction of hunger or low blood sugar. Follow instructions carefully. At the start of the exam, the test administrator will provide general instructions for how to complete the test. Listen carefully and do not start the test until the administrator says to do so. The ASVAB is divided into subtests that will be given in specific, timed intervals, so it is important to follow the test administrator's directions throughout the exam. The ASVAB will take between three and four hours to complete. Answer the questions you know in each subtest first. Make the most efficient use of your time by answering the questions that you know in each section first. Once you are done, go back and review the unanswered questions afterwards. You can adjust answers in the subtest you are working on until the test administrator instructs you to move to the next subtest. Once you have moved on to a new subtest, you can no longer review answers in the subtests you have already completed. Use process of elimination. To tackle questions that you are unsure about, use the process of elimination. Start by ruling out any answers you know to be incorrect. From there, do your best to make an educated guess to answer the question. Points are not deducted for wrong answers on the ASVAB, so make sure to answer all the questions that you can. 
Knock off excess dirt. After playing in your soccer cleats, take them off. Hit the cleats against each other, sole facing sole, to remove as much excess dirt, grass, and mud, as possible. Dry clean excess dirt from the soles. Use a soft-bristled brush or a cleat specific cleaning tool to scrub the bottoms of the cleats. This will loosen any dry clumps of built up grass and mud on the sole and between the spikes. When cleaning the sides of the sole that are close to the upper of the shoe, consider switching brushes, and using a toothbrush. A toothbrush will still have abrasive bristles to loosen dirt, but it will be more controllable and easy to focus in on the area you're scrubbing. Be careful not to use a stick to remove grass and dirt from the soles of your cleats. A stick could scratch the soles and damage your shoes. Mix your cleaning solution. The cleaning solution should consist of warm water and a small amount of cleaning solution. Cleaning solutions like dish soap or hand soap work really well. Fill up a container with about two cups of warm water and add about a tablespoon of soap. Mix the water and soap around with the toothbrush until the mixture starts to become sudsy. You don't want to add a lot of soap to the cleaning solution, especially if you are planning on cleaning leather cleats. A small amount of soap will suffice. Clean the soles with the soapy solution. Now that you've mixed your soapy solution, dip the soft-bristled brush you used earlier to dry clean the soles in the soapy solution and scrub the soles of the shoes. When the brush becomes filled with dirt and grass, run it under a stream of clean water from a sink, dip it into the soapy solution again, and continue scrubbing. Again, you can use a smaller toothbrush to wet clean the cleats when you move to the upper sides of the shoe, near the top portion of the shoe. The toothbrush will allow you to continue cleaning the sides of the soles, with the precision of a smaller scrub brush. Wipe the soles clean. Dip a paper towel into the soapy solution and wipe the soles of the shoes to remove any last bits of dirt and grass. The paper towel will gather any remaining debris, and allow you to use your fingers with the paper towel, and reach the areas in between the spikes. Remove and clean the laces. Unlace the laces from the cleats, and dip them in the soapy solution. Let the laces sit for approximately 10 minutes, then use your fingers and toothbrush to gently scrub the laces and remove dirt build up. After scrubbing the laces, run them under clean water, and lay them out on a towel, on a flat surface, to dry. You could even lay the laces out in sunlight, but keep in mind that sunlight could possible fade the coloring of the laces. Clean the tops of the cleats with a toothbrush. Dip your soft-bristled scrub brush or toothbrush in the soapy water, and scrub the tops of the cleats. Start scrubbing at the middle area of the cleats, near the laces, and work your way down to the sides of the shoe. This will allow the watery dirt to naturally fall downward to the sides of the cleats. Don't forget to scrub the tongue of the cleat as well. With the laces removed, you can scrub all areas of the cleat's tongue. It may be helpful to insert one hand into the cleat while the other hand scrubs the sides of the cleat. An alternative and equally effective cleaning method for cleaning the upper portions of cleats, is using a cleaning eraser sponge. Clean the tops of the cleats with a cleaning eraser sponge. Dip a cleaning eraser sponge into the soapy solution. Wring it out with your hands until most of the water is gone from the eraser. Hold onto the shoe and use the eraser to rub areas of the top portion of the cleat. Be sure to rub the tongue area of the shoe as well, now that it's more accessible with the laces removed. Dry off the cleats. Use a paper towel, or clean, dry rag to dry off the cleats and collect any dirty, soapy water that may be remaining. Dry all parts of the cleats: the tongue, the sides, and the soles. Consider stuffing the inside of the cleats with newspaper to absorb any water that may have made it's way inside the cleat. Relace the cleats. Once your laces and cleats are completely dry, relace the cleats loosely, put on the cleats, and then make lacing adjustments to make the lacing tighter or looser. 
Layer several sheets of tissue paper. Use at least 5 sheets, but more can be used to create fuller flowers. Sheets can be all the same color or a variety of colors depending on how you want your flowers to look. Align the edges of the tissue paper. You will be working with a square or rectangular shape. Fold the tissue paper like an accordion or a fan. Each fold should be about an inch to an inch and a half wide (2.5 to 3.8 cm). Crease paper firmly by pushing down on the top of the folded paper. If needed, place a thin towel over the folded tissue paper and firmly press with a hot iron to help set the folds. Fold the creased paper in half around a pipe cleaner. Twist the pipe cleaner underneath the crease to connect the layers. It can also serve as the stem of the flower. Trim the edge of the paper accordion to shape the petals. Use scissors to cut a point or rounded edge onto the folded paper. Spread out each side of the folded paper. Separate sheets by gently pulling each individual sheet of paper toward the center of the flower. Repeat until all sheets are pulled to the center. Finished. Gently pull individual sheets of paper upwards and towards the center of the flower. This will make it 3-dimensional. Layer up to 12 sheets of tissue paper. Sheets can be folded until layers are 48 pieces thick to save time. Draw 3-inch (7.5 cm) circles onto the paper. For smaller flowers, you can make smaller circles, and likewise larger circles for larger circles. Cut out the circles through all the sheets. You will be left with stacks of 48 paper circles. (Note: Less paper can be used to make fewer flowers). Stack 12 paper circles. Secure the pieces with a paper clip and puncture two holes in the center with a sharp point, such as a large sewing needle. Thread a pipe cleaner through the holes. After pushing it through one hole, curve it and push it back out the other hole to form a loop that secures the paper. The pipe cleaner will also serve as the stem. Separate the sheets of tissue paper. Gently pull each sheet toward the center of the flower and firmly crinkle the base of each piece to hold the flower shape. Pull a length of toilet paper 15 to 25 pieces long. Detach from the roll but do not detach the individual squares. Fold the toilet paper like an accordion or a fan. Make each fold about an inch wide (2.5 cm). Secure the middle of the folded toilet paper with a string or thread.  Fan the folded edges. Holding the center, gently twist each side toward the center of the flower to fluff the edges. Fold a piece on green crepe paper into a bow tie shape. Glue it to the back of the flower to make leaves. Finished.  
Drive slowly. Try not to go faster than about 15-20 miles per hour on a flat. Doing so may cause irreparable damage to the metal wheel beneath the tire, and could even cause you to lose control of the vehicle. Press down on the accelerator lightly, or, if possible, idle along until you find a suitable place to pull over. Traveling at high speeds will just damage your wheel faster, as higher speeds will subject the wheel to greater forces, without the tire to protect it from bumps and debris. If you're headed downhill, let the car coast gently on its own momentum with your foot poised on the brake. Keep the vehicle on smooth, flat ground. Avoid potholes, steep inclines and broken patches of asphalt. Rough road conditions can bang up your rims, causing them to bend and putting your vehicle out of alignment. You should also beware of wet or sandy terrain that could cause you to slip, sink or become stuck. Paved roads, parking lots or the shoulder of the highway or interstate will be your best bet. Go as straight as possible. Don't take any steep curves or try to navigate winding avenues while you look for place to pull over. Instead, coast ahead slow and straight, turning the wheel gently when you have an opportunity to exit the flow of traffic. Take the most direct route to get where you're going. Resist any drag created by the flat by holding the wheel steady, but don't struggle against it so hard that it compromises your ability to steer. Turning sharply places more strain on the edges of the rim. Pull over to a safe spot. The first opportunity you get, make your way off the main road and head for the first place you see where traffic is not too heavy. Make sure the vehicle has come to a complete stop, then engage your parking brake and turn on your emergency flashers to signal to other motorists that you're experiencing car trouble. Pull over somewhere level in case you need to lift your car up on a jack. Don't get out of your car until you're sure that traffic is clear on the driver's side. Don’t go far. You should never attempt to drive any further than a couple hundred yards on a flat tire, even if it isn't completely deflated. This may not be enough distance to get you to an auto garage, but you can at least creep along until you're away from the hazards of the highway. Remember to go slow and pull over as soon as you're able. You can change a tire almost anywhere in a pinch, so don't bother trying to find a designated parking area for your car. Get yourself to safety before worrying about how to fix your vehicle. Try to make it to a gas station. If there's a gas station within sight, and you've been fortunate enough to avoid a total blowout, you may be able to steer the vehicle in carefully and inflate the tire at an air pump. Gas stations also typically stock the sort of supplies needed for basic auto repairs, like tire patching kits, which means there are few better places to be if you experience a flat. Don't push yourself too hard to get to a gas station. If your destination is more than half a mile away, you'll be better off pulling over where you are. In some cases, gas station attendants are trained to be able to help stranded drivers change flat tires. Keep a spare in your vehicle. Most newer vehicles comes equipped with a spare tire either on the back or in a separate compartment in the trunk. If your car or truck is among them, you're in luck. Just switch the flat tire out with the spare and you'll be able to make it to a garage for a full repair. If you're not sure how to change a tire yourself, consult your vehicle's owner's manual for a step-by-step walkthrough. Compact spare tires (also known as “donuts”) are designed to carry you about 50 miles maximum, and can only withstand speeds up to 55mph. Call a tow truck. If you aren't able to make it to a garage or change the tire yourself, you may have no choice but to get a tow. Once you make the call, a wrecker service will be dispatched to take your vehicle to the nearest auto repair center so that you can get the problem fixed without delay. In some cases, the person that shows up may even be able to patch the damaged tire right then and there. Signing up for a roadside assistance program like AAA can be a big help should you find yourself in a bind. Typically, you can expect to wait 45 minutes to an hour for the tow truck driver to arrive. That's still probably not much longer than it would take for you to change the tire yourself. Keep your cell phone charged when you're on the road in case you need to place a call in the event of an emergency. Invest in a set of run flat tires. Run flat tires are specially engineered to be safe to drive on even after they're totally deflated. The reinforced flat acts as a cushion against the wheel that eases the stress of coasting to a safe stopping location. Whether you don't have any experience changing a tire or you'd simply prefer not to, run flat tires can save you quite a bit of inconvenience. Some run flat tires can allow drivers to keep going for up to 100 miles at a reduced speed before wearing out. 
Go to your bank’s website on your computer or phone. To find the website, type the name of your bank into your Internet browser's search bar. Then, click on the link to the website to open up the page. Make sure the URL starts with https so you know the connection is secure. Create an account using your account information if you don't have one. Click on the link that says “create an account” or “register.” Then, fill in all of the boxes to create an account. You'll likely need to enter your account number, routing or sorting number, name, date of birth, and email address. Additionally, you'll create a user name and password. If you don't see a link to create an account, select “log in” and look for “create an account” below the log in boxes. If you already have an online banking account, skip this step and log in to your existing account. Some banks may require you to call or visit a bank branch to begin online banking. Log in to online banking with your username and password. Type your username and password into the correct boxes on the screen to log in. Then, answer the security questions if they're required. Make sure that the “remember me” option isn't checked if you're using a public computer. It's common for banking websites to ask you security questions if you're logging in for the first time or using an unknown computer. Click on your account summary to see your balance. Look for a tab that says something like “account summary” or “checking account.” Click on this link to see your account balance and recent transactions. Quickly read over the listed transactions to make sure nothing is missing. Log out of your account when you’re finished. Typically, bank websites will automatically log you out after a certain amount of time, which is usually 30 minutes. However, it's best to manually log yourself out so that no one can access your banking information. Click the “log out” button to end your online banking session. Find an ATM in-person or using your phone. You can usually check your balance at any ATM, even if it's not owned by your bank. Look for an ATM at local bank branches, grocery stores, gas stations, and some retail locations. At the bank, there should be an outside ATM that's available 24 hours a day and an inside ATM that's available during business hours. At other locations, they're typically located in either the front or the back of the store. Many banks have a drive-up ATM that you can use without getting out of your car. It's best to use ATMs that are indoors because they're less likely to be tampered with by thieves. However, it's usually safe to use outdoor ATMs, so don't worry if that's your only option. Insert your debit card into the ATM. Check the diagram on the machine to find out which side the card's strip needs to be on. Then, slide your card into the machine's card slot. Leave the card in during the transaction or pull it out, depending on how the machine works. Type in your personal identification number (PIN) code. This is the 4-digit number you received or set up when you got your debit card. Type it in using the keypad, then select enter. If someone is waiting to use the ATM after you, cover the keypad so they can't see what you enter. Select the option to view your bank balance. Most machines will display all of your banking options. Choose the one that says “balance.” Then, select the type of receipt you want. It may display your balance on the screen. However, some machines only show your balance on your receipt. Take the receipt that shows your account balance. You can typically get a paper receipt or e-receipt. This will show you your current balance. If the machine displays your balance on the screen, you might choose not to get a receipt. Log out of the machine. Some machines log you out automatically, but others let you select another option. To make sure your account information stays safe, push the button to log out or to complete your transaction. Make sure you also take your card back if you haven't already. If the machine holds your card while you complete your transaction, it will slowly eject from the card slot once you complete your transaction. Go into a branch of your bank. Find the bank branch closest to you by searching online. Then, visit the branch so you can talk to a bank teller. If you open your phone's map app, it'll easily find the branch closest to your current location. Tell the bank teller that you need to check your balance. You may need to wait in line to talk to a teller. When it's your turn, go to the window and ask for your bank balance. Typically, the bank tellers will be at a big desk in the center of the bank's interior. If you can't find it, ask an employee for help. Provide your account number or debit card and a photo ID. The bank teller will ask for your account identification information. Provide your account number or debit card so they can look up your account. Then, give them your photo ID card to prove you're the account holder. You can typically use any government-issued ID card. The teller will likely ask to see it to protect your account from someone posing as you. Get a receipt from the teller, which will show your balance. The teller may print out a receipt for you, but they might just write out your balance. Take the receipt with you when you leave. The receipt may have your account information on it, so don't just leave it at the bank. 
Sauté the onion and garlic over medium heat for 5 minutes. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Then, add the chopped onion and minced garlic to the pan. Stir the onion and garlic every 2 minutes while they cook. The onion will look translucent when it is done. Stir in the curry paste, tomatoes, and vegetable broth. Add 1 to 2 tbsp (15 to 30g) of curry paste, depending on how spicy you want your curry to be. Then, add a 14 oz (400 g) can of diced tomatoes with the juice and 7  fl oz (210 mL) of vegetable broth. Use a metal or wooden spoon to mix the ingredients together. If you do not have vegetable broth, use water and ½ tsp of salt. Cook the sauce on medium-high heat while you prepare the fish. This should only take about 5 minutes, but it is okay if it takes you a little longer. Just watch the sauce and stir it every few minutes. Turn the heat down to medium or low-medium if you need more than 10 minutes to prepare the fish. Cut the fish into 2 in (5.1 cm) chunks and add them to the sauce. Use a sharp knife and a cutting board to cut the fish. Large 2 in (5.1 cm) chunks will give the stew a hearty appearance and texture, but you may cut the pieces smaller if desired. You may use fresh or frozen fish, but make sure that the fish is defrosted before you add it to the sauce. Cover and cook the curry for 5 more minutes on medium-high heat. Use a wooden or metal spoon to stir the curry about once every 3 minutes and watch it closely. The curry is done when the fish flakes easily with a fork. Serve the curry with rice and naan bread, or enjoy it on its own! Marinate the fish fillets in mustard, oil, salt and pepper for 30 minutes. Stir to combine the 2 tsp (10 mL) of Dijon mustard, 1 tsp of black pepper, 1/2 tsp of salt, and 2 tbsp (30 mL) of canola oil in a large bowl. Then, place the fish fillets in the bowl and coat them with the mixture on all sides. Cover the bowl and put it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Set a timer to remind you when the fish has marinated for the full 30 minutes. Puree the onion, garlic, ginger, and cashews or coconut. Place the ingredients in a food processor. Blend the ingredients until they form a paste. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides with a spatula if the ingredients get stuck to the sides. You can also add 1 tbsp (15 mL) of water to get things moving if the ingredients are not blending well. Preheat your oven to 350 °F (177 °C). At this point, turn on your oven and set it to 350 °F (177 °C). This way it will be hot when you are ready to bake the fish curry. It will take about 10 to 15 minutes for your oven to reach this temperature. Sauté the paste in oil for about 2 minutes. Heat a large skillet with 1 tbsp (15 mL) of canola oil for about 2 minutes on medium-high heat. Add the paste to the skillet when it is hot and cook for about 2 minutes. Stir it a few times while it cooks. Be careful not to let the paste burn in the pan! Watch it closely and turn down the heat to medium if needed. Add the spices, salt, and sugar and cook for 5 more minutes. Measure and add 2 tsp (4.2 g) of cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp (1 g) of ground turmeric, 1 tsp (2.1 g) of ground cumin, 1 tsp (2.1 g) of ground coriander, 1/2 tsp (1 g) of fennel seeds (optional), 1 tsp (5 g) of salt, and 1 tsp (5 g) of sugar to the pan. Stir the spices and sugar in with the paste and cook them for 5 more minutes. Use a metal or wooden spoon. Stir in the tomatoes and vegetable broth and turn off the heat. Next, pour 4 oz (110 g) of chopped tomato and 2  fl oz (59 mL) of vegetable broth into the pan. Stir to combine all of the ingredients. Then, turn off the heat. Don't worry that the sauce is not hot! It will heat up in the oven. Arrange the fish fillets in a baking dish and pour the sauce over them. Spray the dish with non-stick cooking spray to prevent the fish from sticking. Then, place the fillets into the dish so that they are spaced out evenly. Pour the sauce over the fish fillets. Use a spatula to scrape the pan if any of the sauce is stuck to it. Bake the fish uncovered at 350 °F (177 °C) for 30 minutes. The dish is done when the fish flakes easily with a fork. Set a timer for 30 minutes and place the dish on the center rack of your oven. Remove the dish from the oven when the time is up. Make sure to wear oven mitts when you remove the fish curry from the oven and place the dish on a potholder or trivet. Serve the curry with rice and naan bread. Let the curry rest for about 10 minutes before enjoying. Then, serve it over a bed of rice, with a slice of naan bread, or with both! 
Buy or assemble a home tattoo kit. The main components of any home tattoo kit are needles and ink. Only use tattoo needles that haven't been used. Tattoo ink is the only type of ink you should use, but not always easy to find. India Ink is commonly used as calligraphy ink but is the only ink that is not tattoo ink that can be used as tattoo ink. Don't use pen or marker ink! Home tattoo kits are the safest option, are inexpensive, and include both supplies and instructions. Find a reputable brand of tattoo ink to ensure it doesn't contain any toxic ingredients. Don't use sewing needles, straight pins, or safety pins. They are not sterile, even if they are new. It is extremely dangerous to use any of these objects to tattoo yourself. You may end up in the hospital. They don't hold the ink well and generally aren't the right type of needle. You need to be as professional as possible if you are going to do this yourself. Don't use old needles. Don't share needles. Doing either of these will put you at serious risk for infection. Also, be sure to safely dispose of the needles when you're done. Set up your station. You'll need a few other things before you start putting needle to flesh. Grab some cotton thread, a cup for water, and rubbing alcohol.  Keep a non-permanent, non-toxic marker around for drawing potential tattoo ideas. It's a good idea to keep ink caps, a shallow bowl, or saucer handy to pour India ink into. Ink caps are inexpensive and can help prevent you from wasting ink. Sterilize with rubbing alcohol or hydrogen peroxide that is 91-99% alcohol. It's important to make sure everything you use is clean. Wash any bowls or saucers you'll be using in hot, soapy water and peroxide/rubbing alcohol, and then cover them with plastic wrap. For extra protection, wear gloves that are very well sterilized when handling any of the supplies you'll be using. Wash gloves (if using) and hands multiple times throughout the whole process. Clean and shave your chosen area. Wherever you decide to tattoo yourself, clean it with soap and warm water. Shave the hair off in the area about an inch larger than you want your tattoo to be. After you shave, sterilize your skin with rubbing alcohol. Dab it on with a cotton ball and make sure it's evaporated before continuing. Draw the design on your skin. Trace or draw your desired tattoo in the place you want it to go. You can have someone else do it for you if you want, but take the time to get it how you want it. This image is all you'll have to go on once you start. You can also use stencil paper and stencil gel to make it more accurate. Since you'll be tattooing yourself, make sure the place you choose is easily. You WILL be poking for a few hours. Awkward or hard to reach places on the body, such as your chest or shoulder, are never good ideas for stick 'n' pokes on yourself. Stick 'n' pokes work much better with simple and tiny tattoos. If you want a complex tattoo, you're better off going to a parlor. Sterilize the needle. The best way to sterilize the needle before using it is with flame. Hold the needle over the flame of a candle or a lighter until it glows. Make sure you hold the other end with tongs, or you'll burn your fingertips. Once the needle is sterile, wrap it in cotton thread. Start about ⁄ 8 inch (0.3 cm) away from the tip and wrap the thread back and forth about ⁄ 4 inch (0.6 cm) up the needle until the thread has formed an oval shape. This will absorb some of the ink as you dip your needle into the saucer. Start poking. Dip the needle into the India ink and then poke it through your skin, leaving a small dot. There may be some blood after several layers of poking, but there shouldn't be much. If blood is dripping/excessive, stop immediately and sterilize. Hold a clean paper towel, not cloth, onto the tattoo until it stops bleeding. Start working your way along the lines. Stay inside the line of the tattoo design you've drawn, filling it in with tiny punctures. Use a cotton swab or a rag to wipe away any blood or excess ink. The skin may swell up a bit as you poke it which may cause the resulting tattoo to appear spotty. You may have to do touch-ups when the swelling goes down if you want smooth lines throughout the tattoo. Wait to do touch ups until after the tattoo is completely healed, which can take up to two months. Clean the tattooed area. When you finish the tattoo, wipe down the area with soapy water. Throw away any remaining India ink in the ink cap and needles. They are no longer sterile. Use a new needle and a new saucer of ink if you plan on doing any touch-ups in the future. Avoid cleaning a fresh tattoo with alcohol -- use soap and water, instead. Bandage your new tattoo with saran wrap. Don't use a cloth or band-aid as they can absorb some of the ink and fade it faster. Don't use any ointments or lotions for the first week of healing because they can clog the tattoo and puts it at risk of infection.. Leave the wrap on for 1-3 hours, but no longer than 6. Keep your tattoo clean. Remove the initial wrap and gently wash the area with warm water and non-scented soap. Don't scrub, and only wash the tattoo with clean hands. Don't soak your tattoo and don't run it under hot water. It won't feel nice, and it take the ink out of your skin. Avoid picking at the tattoo as this could cause some of the ink to bleed out, causing messy lines and even scarring. Apply lotion to your tattoo. After the swelling goes down and the skin starts to scab, switch to a plain, unscented lotion. Most professionals recommend Lubriderm or Aquaphor. Keep the layers thin. Your skin needs to breathe so it can heal properly. Moisturize your tattoo 3-5 times a day depending on the size of the tattoo. If your skin starts to look dried out, use a small amount of lotion. Let your tattoo heal. For the first week or so be mindful of your tattoo. It's going to scab over and you'll need to take extra care to keep it clean. In addition to washing it and keeping it moisturized, you'll need to avoid certain activities. Keep your tattoo out of direct sunlight, as this can cause the ink to fade. It will also burn like a bad sunburn. Avoid pools of water such as baths, hot tubs, pools, lakes, oceans, etc. They are full of bacteria, which can lead to infection. Avoid any activity that is high-contact or induces excessive sweating, like working out. Wear loose clothing so your tattoo can breathe. Tight clothing prevents this. Watch out for infection. Be on the lookout for redness or excessive scabbing around your tattoo, as well as any oozing, or swelling. These are all signs of possible infection. You can minimize the risk of infection by keeping your supplies clean and taking care of your tattoo. Still, it is possible your tattoo could become infected. If you suspect that your tattoo has become infected, consult your physician. 
Turn on the oven and prepare a baking sheet. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set a cooling rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Spray the cooling rack with cooking spray to prevent the zucchini from sticking. Set the pan and rack aside. Combine the cheese with the seasonings. Measure 1/2 cup (50 g) of freshly grated parmesan into a small prep bowl. Add the herbs and stir them into the cheese until they're combined. You'll need to stir in: 1/2 teaspoon (1 g) dried thyme 1/2 teaspoon (1 g) dried oregano 1/2 teaspoon (1 g) dried basil 1/4 teaspoon (0.5 g) garlic powder Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste Cut and arrange the zucchini on the rack. Wash four zucchini and trim the ends off of each. Use a sharp knife to carefully slice each zucchini in half. Cut each half in half to create wedges. You should get 16 wedges. Lay the wedges on the cooling rack. Coat the zucchini with oil and seasoning. Pour 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of olive oil evenly over the wedges. Scatter the cheese and herb seasoning over the wedges. Ensure that each wedge has some of the seasoning mixture. Roast the zucchini for 15 minutes. Put the baking pan with the rack of zucchini in the oven and bake the wedges for 15 minutes. The zucchini should become soft and golden once it's finished baking. Broil the zucchini wedges for two to three minutes. Remove the zucchini from the oven and turn your broiler on to low. Place the rack of zucchini wedges about 3 to 4 inches (7 to 10 cm) below the broiler. Broil the zucchini for two to three minutes so the outsides become crispy. Sprinkle 2 tablespoon (7 g) of chopped fresh parsley over the roasted zucchini and serve the wedges immediately. Avoid storing the leftover wedges because they'll become mushy over time. Preheat the oven and cut the zucchini. Turn on the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Wash four medium zucchini and cut them in half lengthwise. Take a spoon and scoop out the soft, seedy insides of each zucchini half. Transfer the zucchini centers to a small bowl and set it aside. Saute the onions, garlic, and mushrooms for four minutes. Pour 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of extra virgin olive oil into a large skillet or saucepan and turn the heat to medium. Stir in 1/4 cup (40 g) of finely chopped onion and saute it for one to two minutes. Add 3 cloves of finely chopped garlic and 1/4 cup (20 g) of finely chopped mushrooms. Stir the vegetables and saute them for another two minutes. Stir in and saute the celery and zucchini centers for two to three minutes. Finely chop 1/4 cup (55 g) of celery and stir it into the sauteed vegetables. Add the reserved centers that you scooped out of the zucchini and saute the mixture for two to three minutes. Stir the vegetables occasionally to keep them from sticking. Add the white wine and meat. Keep the heat on medium and stir in 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of dry white wine. Let most of the wine cook off for one minute. Add 1 pound (453 g) of ground veal, beef, or turkey. Break up the meat and stir it until it's cooked completely. This should take about eight minutes. For a dry white wine, try a pinot grigio, chardonnay, or sauvignon blanc. Stir in the herbs and cool the meat mixture. Add 3 tablespoons (8 g) of chopped fresh basil and 1 teaspoon (0.5 g) of chopped fresh rosemary. Stir it into the meat mixture and saute it for another minute or two. Turn off the heat and transfer the filling to a bowl. Let it cool to room temperature. Stir the parmesan, egg, butter, and seasoning into the meat mixture. Grate 3/4 cup (75 g) of Parmesan cheese into the cooled meat mixture. Beat one egg and add it to the bowl along with 2 tablespoons (28 g) of softened butter. Add 2 teaspoons (12 g) of salt and 2 teaspoons (4 g) of pepper. Stir the mixture until it's completely combined. Fill the zucchini halves with the meat mixture. Set the empty zucchini halves on a work surface. Use a large spoon or small cookie scoop to fill each of the halves with the meat mixture. Roast the zucchini halves for 40 minutes. Get out a baking pan and pour in 1/4-inch (6-mm) of water. Set the filled zucchini halves into the water and put the pan in the preheated oven. Bake the filled zucchini for 40 minutes. They should soften and turn golden. Remove the zucchini and serve them immediately. If the filling looks a little dry, you can spoon some of the cooking liquid over the it before you serve the zucchini. Preheat the oven and prepare a baking sheet. Turn on the oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Get out a sheet pan and spray it with cooking spray. If you don't have cooking spray, you can lay a sheet of parchment paper on it to keep the zucchini from sticking. Set the pan aside. Stir the breadcrumbs and parmesan together. Get out a shallow bowl or a pie plate. Measure ½ cup (45 g) of panko breadcrumbs and ¼ cup (25 g) of parmesan cheese into the bowl. Stir the mixture until it's combined and set it aside. Whisk the egg with the water. Set another shallow bowl or pie plate on your work surface. Crack one egg into the bowl and add 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of water. Whisk the mixture until the egg is completely mixed into the water. Set the bowl aside. Combine the flour with the seasonings. Get out another shallow bowl or pie plate. Measure ½ cup (64 g) of all-purpose flour into it and stir in the seasonings until they're mixed into the flour. You'll need: 1 teaspoon (2 g) paprika ½ teaspoon (1 g) garlic powder ½ teaspoon (1 g) black pepper ½ teaspoon (2 g) salt Cut the zucchini into 1/4-inch (6-mm) thick slices. Wash one medium-sized zucchini and trim off the ends. Use a sharp knife to carefully slice the zucchini into thin circles that are about 1/4-inch (6-mm) thick. Toss the zucchini slices in the seasoned flour. Place the zucchini slices into the shallow bowl with the seasoned flour. Use your fingers to gently toss the zucchini until all of the slices are coated in the flour. If all of the zucchini slices will crowd the bowl, you may need to toss the slices with flour in batches. Coat the zucchini slices in the egg mixture. Take one zucchini slice at a time and dunk it into the egg mixture. The entire slice should be covered with the liquid. Do this for each zucchini slice. Cover the zucchini slices with the cheesy breadcrumbs. Put the egg-coated zucchini slices into the shallow bowl with the parmesan breadcrumb mixture. Turn each slice over to ensure that they're covered with the coating. Arrange the zucchini chips on the baking sheet and drizzle them with oil. Set each coated zucchini slice on the prepared baking sheet in a single layer. Drizzle 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of olive oil over the zucchini chips or spray them with cooking spray. Bake the zucchini chips for 20 minutes. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake the chips for 10 minutes. Carefully flip each slice over and bake them for another 10 minutes. The zucchini chips should become golden brown and crisp. Serve the zucchini chips right away. Avoid making this in advance since the zucchini chips won't keep. Consider serving the zucchini chips with your favorite dipping sauce. 
Check your garden between May and November. Extreme cold temperatures will kill off garden spiders or make them harder to find since they won't be spinning webs. Plan on capturing a garden spider during warm spring, summer, and autumn months. If you live in a climate with extreme temperatures, you may need to protect the spider from freezing temperatures or severe heat. Pay attention to when you normally see spider webs in your yard. These are the best times to find a garden spider. Search wooded or shady parts of your yard for webs. Garden spiders are resourceful about where they build their webs. Look for classic round spider webs in the garden, along hedges, near patios, in shrubs, or around trees. It may be easier to spot the webs in the morning when they're covered with sparkling dew. You can also look in corners of garden sheds or on the outside of your house for spider webs. Identify what a garden spider looks like. Once you've found a web, look at the spider that's on it. A garden spider will have an egg-shaped abdomen that's mainly black. A male garden spider will have pale yellow patches on the abdomen and the female will have bright yellow patches. Leave a spider if you see the egg sac attached to the web. The female spider should stay in the web so she can prevent the sac from being attacked by other insects, such as ants. The egg sac will look like a very tiny, papery bag and it's usually placed near the center so the female spider can protect it. Purchase a cage or terrarium. Since spiders don't need a lot of space, you can purchase a small spider cage or terrarium from your local pet store or online. Ensure that the container has a secure lid so your spider can't get out. Many extra-small containers you can buy at the pet store are around 4 by 7 inches (10 cm × 18 cm) in size. The lid should also have some ventilation so your garden spider can get fresh air. Make your own cage if you don't want to buy one. You can easily make modifications to a simple container or jar instead of buying a spider cage. The container should have a lid that you can close or screw onto the container. Then ask an adult to make a few holes in the lid so your spider can get fresh air. The air holes should be small enough that the spider can't escape through them. Add soil, leaves, and sticks to the cage. Spread about 1 inch (2.5 cm) of garden soil across the bottom of the cage. Gather sticks, branches, and leaves from your yard and scatter them in the cage. This will give the spider material to weave a web from and places to hide or climb. Use yard material that hasn't been sprayed with pesticides or insecticides. Put the spider in the cage. Once you've prepared the cage and found a garden spider, take a jar or small plastic tub and hold it in front of the spider's web. Hold the lid directly behind the spider and bring it towards the container so the spider is trapped. Then release the spider into the prepared habitat. It's fine if you get some of the spider's web in the jar. Place the cage in a secure spot in your house. Since garden spiders are exposed to outside temperatures, they'll be fine with the temperatures in your house. Put the cage or terrarium somewhere out of reach of small children or pets. Since the spider could overheat if you put it in direct sunlight, don't put the cage in a window. Set out water for your spider. Since most garden spiders are small, your garden spider only needs a little water in its cage. Take a plastic bottle cap and turn it upside down. Fill it with water and set it in the cage to act as a water dish. If you prefer, fill a spray bottle with water and spritz the spider's web once every day. Ensure that the inside of the cage doesn't become damp or it could mold. Gather insects to feed the garden spider. Use a net to catch flying insects, such as butterflies , wasps, and flies. These are the insects your garden spider usually catches in its web and eats. If you'd rather buy insects, purchase crickets from your local pet store. Keep in mind that the spider may prefer flying insects. Offer insects to the spider 1 to 2 times a week. Garden spiders don't need a lot of feeding since they'll be able to eat on a single insect for a while. Place 1 of the insects that you caught or purchased into the spider's web 1 to 2 times every week. Space out your feedings so you're not leaving the spider too much food in its web. For example, instead of feeding on Monday and Tuesday, feed the spider on Monday and Friday. Observe your garden spider in its cage. Watch your spider in its cage and pay attention to what it likes to eat. You may even be able to see it repairing or spinning the web. 
Consult with your vet. Before applying any medication on your cat, speak with your vet. If the vet prescribes the medication during an appointment, you may be able to ask them for a demonstration for proper application. If you are using an over-the-counter treatment, it is still advisable to call your vet and make sure you are using the right treatment. Be sure to ask your vet about potential side effects and complications during application. Some medication may sting, for example, and thus may require planning before application. Read the medication directions. In addition to talking to your vet, be sure to carefully read the medication packaging before you apply any topical treatment. Read the directions to find out how much medication to apply at a time, how and where to apply the medication on your pet, and how frequently to reapply the treatment. If directions are missing from the packaging, or if you have any questions regarding application and use of the medication, reach out to your vet for clarification. Take note of any warnings, as well. Some medication may cause irritation in the eye area, for example, and thus should not be used near that area. You should also double check that they have given you the right medication and that it is labeled for use on cats. A common source of life-threatening poisoning in cats is accidentally applying flea medicine made for dogs. Equip yourself as necessary. Some topical medications may suggest the use of gloves for protection or tools to properly administer medication. Gather any supplies you need to successfully apply the treatment. Check the packaging or consult with your vet to see what tools may be necessary. Secure your cat before application. You want to make sure that you have a firm grasp on your cat before you use the medication. You also want to ensure your cat is as calm and comfortable as you can make it for this process. Hold your cat in way that keeps it relaxed. Use a hold that is as close to your typical hold as possible while still exposing the application area. If you need extra restraint, consider gently wrapping your cat in a warm towel or blanket. This can help calm them while providing extra hold on extremities with claws. You may also find it helpful to have another person hold the cat while you apply the medication. This will allow you to have both hands free. Place the cat on a table or surface that is a comfortable height for you to work. If it's a slippery surface, place a towel down. Apply the medication. Once you have a proper hold on your cat, apply the medication as directed. Focus on administering the treatment carefully to the necessary areas. Wipe away any medication that leaks from outside of the treatment area.  If the medication must dry before your cat can come into contact with other pets or children, continue to gently restrain and calm your cat until the medication has dried. If you are applying medication to a healing wound, inflamed, or damaged skin, try to avoid rubbing the area too much. Instead, use a finger to lightly dab the medication onto the afflicted area. Dress the wound. Some medications, such as flea and tick treatment, will not require you to cover up the area of application. If, however, you are applying medication to a damaged or injured area, it may be necessary to apply a patch or bandage. Do so immediately after application unless otherwise instructed. Be sure to use dressing that is made for pets. Those made for humans use adhesives that may catch on fur or skin. Wrapped bandages or patches made for pets are preferred whenever possible. Keep your pet restrained and comfortable until you have the bandage secured on your cat. Apply immediately before feeding. If your cat has a tendency to lick or wipe off medication, try applying the treatment immediately before feeding time. Feeding your cat directly after applying the medication may help keep it distracted long enough for the treatment to dry or be absorbed. Use an Elizabethan collar. If your cat is prone to licking or biting at its injury, use an Elizabethan collar, or cone, to help keep your cat's mouth from coming into contact with the afflicted area. You may opt to use the collar while the medication dries, or keep it on the cat until the injury being treated heals completely. Elizabethan collars may be supplied by your vet, or can be purchased at most pet stores. Change the dressing. Bandages or other dressing should be changed regularly to keep the treated area clean, and to avoid snagging or becoming loose. Redress the area each time you apply medication. If medication is applied less than once a day, be sure to check on the bandage daily to make sure it hasn't come loose. Bandages should not be too loose or too tight. You should just be able to slide two fingers under the bandage. Bandages should generally be changed every two or so days regardless of how loose they are. 
Go for a head-to-toe neon look if you want a daring, electric style. If you aren't afraid to show your colors, choose a neon shirt, shorts, and accessories, for instance. You can go for a monochromatic neon look by wearing all of the same hues, or try mixing it up and choose 1-3 different neon colors. This is a great idea for summertime styles or to a concert with blacklights. For example, choose a neon yellow tube top and a yellow skirt. You can go with an aqua shirt and pair it with yellow shorts. Select neon jeans or leggings for a bold, colorful look. Choose a pink, aqua, or green pair of jeans for a casual yet stylish look. Then, pair this with a solid or neon top, like a tank, T-shirt, or long-sleeved shirt. This is a great idea if you are shopping around town or meeting friends for dinner. For example, wear aqua skinny jeans with a flowy black tunic shirt. Go with a neon dress in a traditional shape for a flattering evening look. Try taking a colorful spin on the Little Black Dress! Pick a dress in a classic silhouette, like a gathered waist or A-line skirt, but choose a vibrant hue like green, purple, or blue. Then, wear this to your next cocktail party or date night. Additionally, wear neon maxi or mini skirts for another evening option. Wear a neon button-down for a twist on a classic style. If you want a nice top to wear out to the bar or on casual Friday, consider a brightly-colored button-down or blouse. Wear this with jeans or dress pants, based on your preference. Choose a saturated top and wear it with tapered jeans for a night out on the town. If you want to wear neon to work, make sure it is okay for your workplace. If there is any question, you can wear a very saturated colored top, like magenta or navy. Pair this with trousers, for instance. Choose a neon coat for a bright outerwear option. This makes a great statement piece for either neutral or colorful options. Try a bright trench coat or rain jacket for a bold look on cold or rainy days. In addition, you can wear a brightly-colored faux-leather jacket for an edgy touch. You'll still look stylish despite the elements. Pair your neons with neutrals for a balanced look. When styling neon, go with other neutral clothing if you don't want all eyes on you. Choose either light-colored neutrals like khaki and white or dark-colored neutrals like grey, brown, and black. Avoid mixing light and dark-colored neutrals so your outfit doesn't clash. For example, wear a neon pink T-shirt with khaki shorts for an on-the-go look. You can also try a neon green skirt with a white tank top. Wear a neon undershirt or sports bra for a subtle addition. If you want to add some neon but aren't quite ready for an all-over color, try subtle accents like undershirts, camisoles, or sports bras. This way, you can still have a pop of color without feeling like a highlighter. Neon socks are also a good choice. Choose a neon such as green, yellow, or pink, for instance. Then, wear neutral colors over top to tone it down. Wear neon heels, sneakers, or Oxfords for a bright footwear option. If you want a statement shoe, pair your look with a solid-colored flat, a multi-colored sneaker, or a twist on the dress shoe, for instance. Pair your neon shoes with neutral or plain clothes to create a subtle look with a pop of color. For example, you can wear pink flats with black leggings. You can also wear neon heels with a black dress. Choose neon jewelry for a subtle, colorful accent. Put on a simple neon choker or pendant easily add a splash of color. You can also pair neon bangles with a cotton tee and jeans. This is a great way to add subtle neon accents to your look. Go with a neon bag for a bright statement piece. Choose either a neon purse, messenger bag, backpack, or clutch, based on your outfit. If you don't mind a lot of color, try an oversized purse. If you want a subtle pop, use a small, cross-body purse. You can use a neon bag with a neutral outfit, or you can match your neon shoes to your purse, for instance. Try a neon-colored hat if you want an electric final touch. A neon hat adds a spark of color to your outfit, whether you are dressing neutral or using other neon tones. Pick a hat with a small brim for a subtle style, or choose a wide-brimmed hat for a glamorous look. You can also try a neon baseball cap or party sombrero. Throw on a neon belt for a pop of color. If you are wearing a dress or skirt, choose an oversized belt in your favorite color, then wear it with a solid-colored outfit. If you want a belt to wear with your pants and jeans, choose a belt in a bright color and pair it with your denim or neutral pants. Belts are a great way to accessorize and add some color to your look! Add a neon scarf to your outfit if you want a bright accent. Choose a thin, airy scarf for a spring and summer, or go with a thicker, wool scarf for the fall or winter. Pick a scarf in a neon hue, such as green, yellow, or pink. Then, wear it with either colorful or neutral outfits to add additional color to your look. Scarves look great styled casually or dressy! For example, drape a pink neon scarf over your neck after you put on a white shirt and pink miniskirt. Finish your look with pink flats and pink hair ties! Use neon eyeshadow to accent your face. For an electrifying look, rub a tiny dab or eyeshadow primer over your clean eyelids. Then, dip your finger in a creamy base, and rub it over your eyelid. Use either powder or pigmented eyeshadow to create your bold look. Apply the shadow across your lid, but avoid blending it too far past your crease. Blend another color of eyeshadow using a small, round brush for a two-toned look. If you'd like, finish your look with a neon eyeliner or mascara option. Paint your nails with neon polish for a minor pop of color. Bright nail polish adds a vibrant touch your outfits, neutral or colorful. Paint your polish onto your nails using the applicator wand, working from cuticle to tip. If you have a cooler skin tone, pinks and blues look best. If your skin tone is warm, try a neon orange or yellow nail polish. Try a neon lip color for an extra-saturated style. If you want a bold makeup look, try a high-impact lip color like neon purple, bright blue, or vibrant coral. Matte lip color tends to stay in place better when using bright shades, though you can use any lip color type. Apply your lip color to both your top and bottom lips. Additionally, consider a neon pink lip gloss or tinted balm. While these may not apply as vibrantly, they still look great. Dye your hair neon colors for a funky, edgy hairstyle. If you are a true color enthusiast, consider dying your hair a bright color. Find a stylist that specializes in bright colors, and search online to plan your perfect hues. Consider dying it all 1 color or adding multiple shades for a rainbow look. Fuschia, violent, aqua, and lime green are all popular, pretty shades. Be aware that some employers do not allow for “unnatural” hair colors. 
Observe your bird's natural behavior. In order to potty train your bird, you need to pay attention to how it behaves right before it goes to the bathroom. You should also take note of how often it uses the bathroom. This way, you will know when to and how often to carry your bird to the bathroom area. Most parrots will squat down slightly and flick their tails up when they're ready to go to the bathroom. Watch your bird to see what precise movements it makes when it's getting ready to go. Also, keep track of how often your bird defecates. Parrots can defecate as often as every 15 minutes. This way, you'll know roughly how often you'll need to direct your bird to the bathroom area. Choose a command. You want a command to reinforce the behavior. You want to be able to say something when you see your bird squatting that will alert it that it needs to go to the bathroom area. Pick something simple, like "Go potty" to teach your bird where to use the bathroom. Create a potty spot. You should have an area in your parrot's cage where it can go to the bathroom. Most people use something like a waste basket or lay down paper towels or newspaper in a certain portion of their home. You can also use paper plates. Make sure you pick a space the bird can easily access on its own. Move your bird to the potty spot when he needs to go. Watch your bird when it's out of its cage. Remember the natural behaviors you noticed that indicated the bird needed to use the bathroom. If you see the bird doing things that indicates it needs to go, like squatting or flicking its tail, immediately move the bird to the bathroom area. At first, you will need to use the "step up" command to get your bird to climb on your arm or finger. Then, take your bird to the potty spot and hold it over the spot until it goes to the bathroom. Say your command when your bird defecates. Watch your bird closely. When it defecates, say your command. This will help your bird make the connection. It will realize it's supposed to go to the bathroom in the bathroom area. Some people use commands like "Hurry up" if their bird is taking a while to relieve itself. For example, if your bird has been standing on the potty area for a while, you can say something like "Hurry up!" and reward your bird as soon as it goes to the bathroom. Reward the behavior. Each time the bird goes in the bathroom spot, give it a reward. Parrots respond best to positive reinforcement. Offer a treat and praise when the bird successfully goes to the bathroom in the right spot. Choose a specific treat your parrot only gets for using the bathroom so the parrot understands what it's being rewarded for. You can also reward your bird by letting it out of the cage for a few minutes each time it goes to the bathroom in the proper spot. Then, put it back in its cage until it goes to the bathroom in the right spot again. Take your bird to the potty spot as often as necessary. Watch your bird closely both inside and outside of its cage. As soon as your bird begins squatting, take it to the potty spot. Do this for a few weeks until your bird knows where to relieve itself. Always say the command and reward your bird for going in the right spot. Be patient. It can be time consuming to be moving the bird to the bathroom area every 10 to 15 minutes, but most birds will eventually learn the behavior. Do not train a new bird too early. If you just got a parrot, it will need time to adjust to your home. Potty training, or any kind of training, can be overwhelming if done too early. Spend some time letting your bird adjust. Once your bird is calm and friendly with you, you can begin training. How long your bird needs to relax depends on the temperament of the bird. Some birds come around right away while others need a lot of time. Keep your expectations realistic. You cannot expect a bird to learn right away. It will take time and consistency for your parrot to be toilet trained. Even then, you can expect some occasional accidents. Keep these expectations in mind so you do not get angry or frustrated while training your parrot. Do not scold or hit your parrot. Scolding or striking your parrot will not result in it learning faster. In fact, this will only stress out your bird. High levels of stress can cause behavioral problems. Even if your bird is not behaving how you want, you should never hit or scold it. 
Craft your sales pitch ahead of time. Know what you need to say before you even greet the customer, but be prepared to fine-tune your pitch so that it better matches the needs and wants of each individual customer who crosses your path.  "Sales pitch" can be a misleading term. There will be no single script you can use on every customer. The case you make will differ from sale to sale. Crafting a sales pitch isn't about designing the perfect script. You simply need to know how to approach each customer at the start and which conversational points to touch on while learning about the customer. Do your research. Know the product well. Familiarize yourself with its benefits and limitations. In doing so, you can more readily anticipate common customer concerns and prepare appropriate responses. When you know who your customer is before you actually meet, you have the chance to do a little research. Find out what motivates him or her. Doing so can help you tailor-fit your sales pitch to that customer's unique interests. Understand your own value. You'll want to treat your customer with care, but acknowledge your own value at the same time. Understand your worth as a person and as a salesperson. This can boost your level of confidence, to which many customers will respond favorably.  View yourself as someone who satisfies others' needs and desires. When framed with that perspective, the job of a salesperson is an important one that can be used genuinely to improve the lives of your customers. Practice your pitch. Take the time to practice your sales pitch before you meet a new customer. You can practice alone, or ask an employer, coworker, or friend to listen and provide constructive criticism. Try running through a few different scenarios. Practice pitching your product to different types of customers with different sets of concerns. Get to know the customer. Ask the customer questions and learn as much as you can about his or her needs. Your customer should feel as though you care about him or her as a person. The only way to do that is to actually treat your customer like a person instead of a source of profit. Some customers may have a hard time describing what they need, so it will be your job to ask questions that can help them explain what they hope to find. Give the customer your undivided attention. When talking to the customer, your full attention should be focused on that specific person. This is not the time to check your text messages or chitchat with a passing co-worker. It isn't enough simply to look as though you're giving the customer your attention. Prove it by listening actively. As the customer asks questions, address them spontaneously instead of with a scripted line. Listen more than you speak. Rambling off a generic sales pitch won't impress most customers. You need to listen to what your customer has to say before making your own remarks. In some cases, you may actually need to say more than your customer says, but your words should always be chosen in response to theirs. Talking as much as 70 percent of the time should be your limit, but an even better ratio would be 50 percent talking and 50 percent listening. When you do respond, abandon your talking points and directly address the customer's concerns by providing adequate answers and by asking meaningful questions about his or her circumstances. Reveal something meaningful about yourself. If your customer knows a little about you, he or she may develop some fondness for you as a person. People are generally more likely to buy from someone they like than someone they dislike or feel indifferent toward.  It's especially impactful when you offer information your customer can relate to. A shared experience or interest can create an instant connection. For instance, if your customer is wearing a sweatshirt with the name of your alma mater on it, that might be a point worth mentioning. Make the customer laugh. Most customers respond well to humor. Be serious about the value of the product and the possible purchase, but introduce light humor into the conversation to break the ice and maintain a pleasant atmosphere.  You don't need to be a comedian. The idea is to make your customer smile and perhaps elicit a small chuckle. You don't need to make your customer howl with heavy laughter. Consider using self-deprecating humor. In most cases it will make you appear less threatening and more relatable. Avoid humor that could be offensive or that might not make sense to most people. Be patient. No matter how rude, undecided, or impatient your customer is, you should react with patience and respect. Even if the conversation doesn't end in a sale, it is still a good idea to end on good terms. The difficult customer you're dealing with may simply be having a bad day. Talking with the customer in a civilized manner could calm him or her down. Even if it doesn't, that customer may return at a later date in a better mood. The only exceptions would be when the customer is creating a major disturbance for other customers or when that customer presents some threat to you or another employee. Never lie to a customer. Bending the truth might seem tempting, but ultimately a lie will be discovered, and your customer will be unhappy. You may have made a sale in the process, but you will probably never sell to that customer again. On the other hand, being honest with a customer will typically earn respect and appreciation. He or she is more likely to return later to shop for new products or to buy the original product once need for it arises. As a result, you will probably establish a better long-term relationship with that customer, leading to possible future sales (and good references). A dissatisfied customer may spread word of his or her experience to others. Once that customer's network discovers that you lied to him or her, everyone in the network will be less likely to consider buying from you. Match the right product to the right customer. Not every customer will have a use for every product. Be honest with your customers even if it might kill a sale. Wasting time trying to sell a product your customer doesn't need will not do either of you any favors.  If the product you're selling really isn't right for a particular customer, don't be afraid to say so. Provide an explanation so your customer knows that you are ending the conversation for his or her own benefit. When possible you might consider recommending a different product to your customer that might fit his or her needs better. Identify the real problem. Often the problem your customer thinks he or she has is not the problem he or she actually has. Listen to the words your customer uses, and try to identify any hidden meanings beneath those words. Typically the problem your customer identifies will be an actual problem, but it may also be a symptom of a larger, more significant problem. Your goal is to point out the underlying problem and make a sale that can address it, rather than merely fixing the surface issue. Limit your free advice. Helping the customer is important, but ultimately you shouldn't spend an hour giving a customer advice and consultation when he or she has no intention of buying from you. Give advice only when it can lead to a purchase. Once it becomes obvious that your customer is no longer interested in buying, or that your product will no longer match the needs of your customer, it is best to stop the conversation and move on. Object to objections. Some of your customer's concerns will be valid, but many will be misinformed. When a misinformed objection comes up, take a few minutes to politely address and correct it. Most objections will concern budget, authority, need, or time. Your response will vary on a case-by-case basis. Most objections can be addressed by explaining why the matter at hand does not need to concern your customer as much as it does. When this is not possible, demonstrate how the value of the product outweighs the potential downfall your customer is concerned about. Demonstrate how the product solves the problem. Ultimately customers want a product that will solve some problem or need they currently have. You'll make a sale only if you can demonstrate how your product will effectively solve the problem or answer the need. This is when you'll need your sales pitch. Use what you know about the customer and the product to show a perfect connection between the two. Open the door for further communication. Regardless of whether you make the sale, keep the door open for future communication with each customer. Doing so may lead to a sale later on. Every talk you have with a potential customer should involve a call to action. When you don't complete the sale, encourage the customer to review the information and return in a few days. Depending on the circumstances, you may even offer to contact the customer so he or she doesn't need to call you. When you do complete the sale, encourage the customer to stay in touch and tell you how the product is working. Follow up with an e-mail or phone call to that point when appropriate. 
Feed horses 1.5–2% of their body weight in hay each day. Hay provides horses with carbohydrates and fiber but, unlike grasses, it contains very little sugar. As long as your horse is active and healthy, feed it up to 2% of its body weight in dry, high-quality hay daily. If you don't have access to high-quality hay, you can substitute a horse feed purchased from a local tack store. So, if your horse weighs 800 pounds (360 kg), give it 12–16 pounds (5.4–7.3 kg) of hay daily. Let your horses eat in a grassy pasture for only 2–3 hours a day. Green pasture grass contains high levels of starch and sugar, which may trigger laminitis if horses eat too much of it. To guard against laminitis, when lush grass starts growing tall around spring time, turn horses out to pasture for only 2–3 hours, then bring them back to their paddock. In general, you don't need to monitor how much grass horses eat during their 2–3 hours of grazing. Only in the case of an overweight horse will you need to restrict the amount of food you give to your horse. Do this only in consultation with a veterinarian. Try a grazing muzzle if your horse is overweight or you don't have a dry paddock for your horse after their grazing period. This will control how much your horse can eat. Preventing laminitis may mean changing horses' pasture schedules to protect them from consuming too much starch and sugar. Try turning your horses out at night when the starch and sugar content in the grass isn't as high. Feed horses only 1–2 portions of sugar- and starch-rich foods a week. While horses like to eat sweet foods, they can have a harmful effect on the health of the horse's feet. It's fine to give your horse a sweet treat 1–2 times a week, but sugary and starchy food shouldn't make up a large portion of the animal's diet. Foods rich in sugars and starches include apples and other fruit, carrots, grains, and sweet green grass. If you notice a horse's hooves becoming brittle, or if a farrier suspects your horse may be susceptible to laminitis, cut out these foods altogether. For example, each week, you could give your horse 1 apple and 1 carrot. If you're concerned about laminitis, work closely with your veterinarian to figure out a dietary plan that works for your horse. Add a hoof supplement to your horse’s diet if its hooves are weak. If you or the farrier notices that a horse's hooves are brittle and dry, purchase a dietary supplement to strengthen the hooves. A good hoof supplement contains biotin, zinc, calcium, and copper may have other hoof-strengthening vitamins. Follow the directions printed on the supplement packaging, and you're your horse as much of the supplement as directed. Biotin supplements contain vitamin B, which helps hooves grow. Biotin is found naturally in alfalfa, barley, and oats. However, these low concentrations are often not sufficient to help prevent laminitis. Have your pasture grass analyzed for fructans. Fructan is a type of sugar found in grasses. Not all horses respond to sweet grasses the same, and not all lush grasses have the same levels of fructans. If you'd like a better understanding of how much fructan the grass in your fields contains, bring a sample to your veterinarian and ask for an analysis. The higher the amounts of fructan in the grass, the less time your horse should spend eating it. The level of fructan in grasses can vary with the changing seasons. For example, if winters become milder and summers become wetter, a longer growing season will result in higher rates of fructans. Fructan levels are at their highest in spring and autumn. Store grain and feed securely so that horses can’t get to it. Horses like to eat, and if they find a bag of oats left unattended, they will consume all of the food that they can find, which could cause laminitis. Use plastic storage bins with locking tops. This will keep horses as well as rats, mice, and other rodents out of the grain. Keep the grain containers behind a closed door, such as in a tack room or storage shed. Exercise your healthy horse regularly to prevent obesity. Obese and overweight horses have a much higher risk of contracting laminitis than do horses at a healthy weight. So, take your horse on a trail ride 4–5 times a week, or train it in an arena or paddock for an hour or 2 daily. If your horse doesn't lose weight with more exercise, talk to your vet and put together a weight-reducing diet for the horse. Laminitis occurs more often in obese horses since the animal's heavy body puts more weight on the hooves than they can support. Check and clean your horse’s hooves every day. Maintaining your horse's clean, healthy hooves is a crucial part of preventing laminitis. Clean any dirt, stones, and other objects from the central “V” of the hooves with a hoof pick. While you're cleaning, inspect the horse's hooves and make sure there are no signs of laminitis. Signs of laminitis include tenderness and heat in the hooves. Additionally, you might feel warmth or softness around the coronary band, which requires veterinary care. A horse with laminitis will also be hesitant to walk, or may only walk in circles. If the illness has progressed, you'll notice the fronts of the horses hooves beginning to turn upwards. Call your vet immediately if you suspect your horse has laminitis. If you see signs of sore feet (e.g., a horse refusing to let you touch one foot), contact your veterinarian. Have your farrier trim your horse’s feet every 6–8 weeks. Regular hoof trims will prevent laminitis, keep the hooves from growing too long, and ensure that your equine has well-balanced feet. Talk with the farrier and make sure that they're trimming the toe of the hoof to prevent harmful wear and tear on the horse's foot that could lead to laminitis. A farrier is an individual who attaches the shoes to horses' feet. If you don't have a reliable farrier, ask your veterinarian and other horse-owning friends for a recommendation. Avoid riding on rough terrain if your horse doesn’t have shoes on. Good riding practices are an important part of preventing laminitis. If your horse isn't shod and will be moving quickly along any hard surface (including asphalt, concrete, and rocks), its hooves could be concussed. These hoof concussions and bruises can leave the animal at risk for foot ailments, including laminitis. So, either ask your farrier to put shoes on your horse, or stick to riding on soft surfaces. If you use your horse for work (e.g., pulling a carriage or farming), make sure to shoe the horse before having it work on hard surfaces. Repetitive stress injuries from riding unshod on hard surfaces can cause laminitis. Use bedding that does not contain black walnut shavings. Black walnut shavings are incredibly harmful to horses' hooves and can cause laminitis literally overnight. You can often recognize black walnut among the horse's bedding shavings: it has a dark brown color, unlike most other woods used in horse bedding. Before purchasing bedding from a tack and horse supply store, confirm that black walnut comprises 0% of the bedding. Ensure that the placenta comes out of a mare after it gives birth. If any part of the placenta stays inside of the mare after she gives birth to a foal, it can cause a serious internal infection. If left untreated, this infection can cause laminitis (among other life-threatening conditions). So, watch closely as your mare gives birth and confirm that she produces a placenta. If you have a vet on hand during the birth, they can also look for the placenta. The placenta is about 2 by 2 feet (0.61 m × 0.61 m) and has a pink, reddish color. It's covered in veins and has a thin, white, “bag”-like structure at 1 end. After the placenta comes out, put it in a bucket for safe-keeping so that your vet can examine it when they come to check the foal. The vet will be able to tell you if the entire placenta came out. If your mare doesn't produce a placenta within 2 hours after giving birth (and you don't have a vet on hand), call a veterinarian immediately. This is a medical emergency. Inspect your horse’s hooves for laminitis if it’s recently been ill. In some situations, horses can contract laminitis in 1 or more feet after they've had a serious illness, even if the illness has nothing to do with the digestive tract or feet. If you notice heat or tenderness in the horse's hooves, take them to a vet and mention your concerns about laminitis. Illnesses that can trigger laminitis in horses include: Colic (especially if it arose following a surgery) Pneumonia Potomac Horse Fever 
Choose a subject about which you're well informed. Ranting about an unfamiliar subject is a great way to embarrass yourself and may even inadvertently win points for the issue or topic you're trying to rail against. Only rant about things that you're already familiar with. It's usually a good idea to do a little research to back up and bolster your already-familiar experience with the topic or issue. Even if you think you're sure, make your rant air-tight with specific facts. Even if you think your opinion about an issue is iron-clad, try to make sure to bolster your strong opinion with facts, so your rant doesn't end up looking foolish. You may even end up becoming a passionate advocate for the other side, if you dig around in the issue. Pick something with high stakes to rant against. The difference between a good rant and a whiney blog post has to do with stakes. If you're going to rant effectively, there needs to be some deeper issue or cause behind the thing that you're ranting against. There needs to be a reason to complain. Find it before you start complaining. The stakes of something like hydraulic fracking and mountain top removal mining may be obvious, but may be less obvious about what so-and-so wore to the red carpet. That doesn't mean you can't rant about both effectively, you've just got to dig a little deeper. Rants can be cultural, political, social, and address issues of class, race, sexuality, and any number of different topics. Find the serious issue behind the surface if you want your rant to go deeper. List out the negatives. What really gets under your skin about that particular topic? Before you launch directly into your rant, it's a good idea to brainstorm a list of irritations from which you can build an effective rant. The more specific, the better. A personal story can lend a great amount of pathos to a rant. Do you have any personal experiences that could be used to your advantage? If you were recently stopped and frisked by a police officer for no reason, it might make your rant much more passionate to include the story. Stick with your subject until you find something serious at the center of it. So reality TV annoys you. So what? Stick with it until you find something more interesting. Find a weak spot. When you rant, you want to direct your rant exactly where it will hurt the opposition. Don't shy away from contradictions, fallacies, and other failures of logic that you find in the subject you want to rant against. What is it that just doesn't make sense to you about your little irritation? If you can't stand the sitcom "Two and Half Men," you may instinctively want to say, "It's just stupid," but keep going to find the weak spot. Why is it stupid? What's stupid about it? How can you articulate the stupidity? You might decide that the show you hate presents stereotypical versions of men and women. Start looking for examples of this to back up your rant. Pick on them specifically and your rant will be super-strong. Use specific examples. Bad rants will list the same idea fifty times and won't prove a thing. You can tell us in a strongly worded way that "Two and a Half Men" is the worst show of all time because "it's stupid," or you can start showing us how and why it's so terrible. Every time you make a claim in your rant, get in the habit of asking yourself, "So what?" Then answer that question. Highlight contradictions or logical fallacies. The best way to rant is to skewer the topic at hand by pointing out all the ways in which it's completely wrong, ridiculous, or terrible. Connect the dots for us. Use powerful adjectives. Bad rants will tell us that something is "really really really stupid" and good rants will tell us something more specific and accurate: "The so-called humor on 'Two and a Half Men' is so insipid and juvenile, it makes 'Beavis and Butthead' seem like beloved characters from Shakespeare. The show is colossally stupid." It's important to bolster your railing with specific examples. You can only tell us something is bad so much without bothering to prove it to us. Give us quotes, specific examples, and discuss the thing in as much detail as possible. Use sarcasm to your advantage. Sarcasm is the ranter's playground. Make good use of verbal eye-rolls by ramping up the sarcasm and embarrassing the opposition. Your target will be sorry it ever raised your ire if you launch sarcasm bombs like this: "The creator of 'Two and a Half' men says that the show is 'populist.' This is true. The show should get full credit for being so populist as to be the best show on television that appeals to the sexist, racist, dunderheaded caveman instincts in its knuckle-dragging audience." Use irony and satire to your advantage. One great way of ranting against something and thoroughly skewering it in words is to mock it more subtly. If you can do an impression of your target and mock the style, you'll be a ranting pro. If you want to rant against the twee stylings of Wes Anderson movies, say, you might try writing in an overly cutesy way about the panda bear you had to care for at short film camp, and how you locked eyes with a Brazilian folk singer doing covers of Kinks songs on a thumb piano. Embrace the big picture. Good rants make mountains out of molehills. Connect the small thing you're noticing and feel the need to rail against to a larger social, cultural, or political issue. If it bugs you when your friend checks Facebook every five seconds while you're trying to have lunch, what could this tell us about interpersonal relationships in the digital age? What's the end result of all this Facebooking? Where are we headed as a culture of heads-down phone-watchers? There's a fine line between an effective rant and a big exaggeration. You want to get as close as possible to it without going over. Saying that Facebook ruins dates and makes it more difficult to relate to one another, not easier, is right within the constraints of a good rant. Saying that Facebook is probably responsible for Ebola? That's a stretch. Let it sit before you make it public. Twitter and Tumblr make it easy to be completely unfiltered in a very public way. If you're going to rant hard on a subject that you feel passionately about, feel free to do it, but don't post it online until you've had a chance to think about it for a while. Good rule of thumb: give it 24 hours. If you still feel the same way about the issue, and just as passionately, and are willing to stand behind it if you're called into question, post it. If you were called onto national television and asked to defend your opinion, would you want to do it? If the answer is no, you might think twice about posting it for all the world to see online. Address the issue from an intelligent point of view. Ever see the video of protesters holding anti-Socialism signs who are asked to define Socialism, and can't? You don't want to be them. You'll be on a fast-track to embarrassing yourself if you go out and start ranting about an issue you know nothing about. Get smart before you start making noise. Again, it can't be stressed enough, if you're not informed about a particular issue, we don't need your opinion about it. Keep it to yourself. Don't make it personal. Ad-hominem attacks are directed at the character of a particular person, not the work or the words that came from that person. It's a good idea to mock the creator of "Two and a Half Men" for the terrible show he's responsible for, but not because "he has a dumb face and bad clothes." That doesn't have anything to do with the subject at hand. Avoid the temptation to attack the character. Avoid logical fallacies. Your rant has to make sense, even if it's running on its passion. Be familiar with the basics of creating an argument and sustain it with good points and logic, or your rant will fall apart. Every argument should include: A clear thesis Supporting evidence Good examples Warrants and backing logic A summary or conclusion Don't rant just to rant. It's important that you save a good rant for something that you're going to be able to dismantle with surgical precision, not something that just rubs you the wrong way and which you feel like making noise about. The bus was late again? Ok, so what? If you can answer that question with a good example, that it made everyone on your bus late for work, say, then you've got a good rant on your hands. If the only consequence is that it took you five minutes more to get to the coffee shop, save it. Keep it as clean as possible. Four-letter words are like cayenne pepper: they can add a little spice to a dish, but nobody wants to eat fistfuls of the stuff. If you do decide to throw in a couple of curse-bombs into your rant, make them count, don't make them the center of attention. 
Fold the sweater in half vertically, with both arms facing the same direction. Hold the sweater up by the shoulders and fold it down the center. Make sure the arms of the sweater are lined up, and then lay the sweater onto a flat surface. To reduce wrinkles, you can smooth the sweater with your hands after you fold it. This method can be used for both cardigans and pullovers. Place the hanger on top of the sweater with the hook under the armpit. Lay the hanger down on the folded sweater. Then, move the hanger so that the hook of the hanger is situated in the open space between the sleeves and the torso of the sweater. Depending on which way you placed your sweater, this might be on the left or the right side. The open part of the hook can be facing upwards or downwards, as long as the hook part of the hanger is in the right place. Fold the sleeves over the shoulder of the hanger. You can fold them both together at the same time, or do them one at a time to make them easier to maneuver. Make sure the sleeves are as close to the hook as possible when they're folded. If you're using a hanger with a bottom bar, you can tuck the sleeves through the hanger and under the bar once you fold them over the shoulder. This will help keep the sleeves in place while you hang the rest of the sweater. Wrap the body over the other shoulder of the hanger. Hold the torso of the sweater, and fold it over the other shoulder of the hanger so that it lays over top of the sleeves. This will create a sort of triangular shape, with the sweater wrapped around the hanger. You can also tuck the torso of the sweater under the bottom bar of the hanger if it has one to help keep the sweater on the hanger. Hang the sweater in your closet. Lift the hanger by the hook, and carefully transfer the sweater to the closet. When you hang it up, make sure the sleeves and torso of the sweater are still in place and not scrunched up. If you're using a plastic or wooden hanger, be aware that the sweater might slip off of the hanger, especially if the sleeves and torso aren't tucked into the bottom bar of the hanger. To prevent slippage, you can use a felt-coated or velvet-coated hanger which will hold the sweater in place. Lay the sweater face-down and place a piece of tissue paper along the back. Place the sweater on a flat surface, and use your hand to smooth any wrinkles along the back of the sweater. Remember to cut or fold the tissue paper so that it fits on the back of the sweater with no overhang. The tissue paper keeps the fibers of the sweater from molding to the hanger, which causes bumps and hanger marks. Additionally the paper prevents the fibers from catching on each other and bunching, which can cause wrinkles. The tissue paper should touch just below the collar and reach all the way to the bottom hem of the sweater. Fold the sleeves in on the paper so they're crossing over each other. Take one sleeve and place it across the back of the sweater so that the cuff touches the opposite side of the sweater. Do the same with the other sleeve, forming an “X” on the back of the sweater with the sleeves. Be sure to smooth the sleeves as well to keep them from creasing when you hang the sweater. Place the hanger upside down at the bottom hem of the sweater. Use a hanger that has a bar across the bottom connecting the two sides. Position it so that the bar is on top of the bottom hem of the sweater, with the hook facing away from the sweater. Make sure the tissue paper is also under the bar, as this will also be folded and hung up with the sweater to keep the fibers from rubbing against each other and molding to the hanger. Pull the bottom of the sweater through the hanger, stopping in the middle. Grasp the bottom hem and work it through the middle of the hanger, under the bar. Make sure the sleeves move through the hanger, and then position the hanger in the middle of the sweater, with the hook on the front side of the sweater. Once the bottom hems and the sleeves are through the hanger, it may be easier to slide the hanger up to the center of the sweater, rather than pulling it through. Test both techniques to see which one works best for you. Fold the sweater in half over the bar and hang it in your closet. Lift the bottom hem of the sweater and the sleeves, and fold them over the bar to rest on the top half of the sweater. Then, lift the hanger by the hook and carefully place it in your closet. Make sure the sweater doesn't become wrinkled when you put it in the closet. 
Cultivate a positive outlook. People with a genuinely positive attitude are seen as more attractive and charming by others. The more you can cultivate this outlook in your own life, the more most people will like you. Don't worry if this doesn't come naturally to you — it is something you can learn through practice. Be conscious about smiling more. Accept compliments with gratitude and humility. When you find yourself thinking negative thoughts about situations or people, stop and try to think of a bright side or positive characteristic that can help you feel better about it. Respect differences between people. Accepting the fact that people are different from you, and that doesn't make them wrong, is part of having a positive attitude. Whether the difference is in terms of behavior, culture, or opinion, remember that these differences are not only okay, they make life more interesting. It's easy to think "Other people would be happier if they were more like me," but remember that most people are happy being who they are, and that all people aren't made happy by the same exact things. Spending time with friends might make you happy, while spending time alone might make a different person just as happy. Seek to understand other people's perspectives. Make a habit of trying to put yourself in other people's shoes, even (or especially) those who you find difficult to understand or relate to. Remember that there's at least two sides to every story. Make a genuine effort to see how other people have valid perspectives, even if they conflict with your own. Having an open mind will make nasty conflicts less likely. Know your own triggers. We all have "pet peeves," things that really bother us when other people do them. Think what yours are. Recognize that not everyone feels the same about these things. Further, make plans to deal with these things when they come up. Does it drive you crazy when people whistle or drum their fingers? Having a practiced, polite response to these behaviors that lets others know you find it frustrating without being critical or combative can help you get along better with others. For example, you could say: "Excuse me, would it be okay if I asked you to stop whistling? No offense, but it really drives me crazy after a while!" Be cheerful. Entering conversations with a good attitude will lead to more positive interactions with others and make it easier to get along. Smile and talk about positive things to the extent that you are able. You don't need to fake happiness if your best friend has just died, but generally, try not to burden others with your problems, especially minor gripes. For example, if someone asks how you are, and you've just gotten in from a long, difficult commute, try to think of something good that happened that day that you can tell him or her about rather than immediately expressing your frustration with rush hour traffic. Take an interest in other people. Don't just talk about yourself when interacting with others. Find something genuinely interesting about what they have to say, and ask questions about them. This will make other people feel more important and valued by you. Be a good listener. People want to feel that what they have to say is heard by others. This will make people enjoy talking to you more and reduce conflict in your day-to-day conversations. Be kind and considerate. Be careful of other people's feelings when talking to them. Avoid unnecessary criticisms or mean-spirited jokes that might make others feel bad. Compliment others, especially at the start of a conversation. Starting a conversation off with some sincere flattery will get things off on the right foot. Match the pace of others. Each person walks, talks, and generally moves through life at a different pace than others. It's easy to feel like your own pace is the "natural" one, but try to match the pace of other people. If someone talks slowly and quietly, avoid talking to him loudly and at a rapid pace. This will make it more enjoyable and comfortable for the other person to talk to you. Focus on your similarities. It's important to respect people's differences, but it's also good to focus on what you have in common with others. This will make conversation smoother and easier for both of you. This works at both the individual and cultural level. Whether someone comes form a completely different culture or just has a very different personality from yours, looking for similarities is a good way to bridge the gap. If, for example, you meet someone with conflicting political or religious beliefs, but find you both like baseball or dogs, focus the conversation on baseball and dogs, at least until you get to know the other person better. Don't make promises you can't keep. Making promises you can't live up to is a good way to create resentment with people. It can be difficult to say no to people, especially when you want to get along with everyone and may whole-heartedly want to say yes to everything, but there are ways to say no without being mean. This is part of communicating assertively. Promising to do something you really don't want to do or don't have time for can build resentment. If you end up not following through or doing a bad job, the other person may not trust you or have his own resentments, too. If you can't or don't want to do something, it's better to just say no. When you say no you are not rejecting someone — you are simply refusing a request. You can say no directly, without excuses or explanation — "No, I can't do that." Or try saying no while acknowledging the sentiment behind the request, such as: "I know you really want to go for a hike this afternoon, but I can't today." If you have to say no to something you want to do, but simply don't have time for right now, you might follow up with something like, "I can't hike today, but is there another time you'd like to go?" Keep it short. Some people are a lot harder to get along with than others, and one of the best ways to get along with difficult people is to not spend any more time with them than necessary. The less time you spend with someone you don't really like, the less likely you are to have a conflict. Have an exit strategy when you know you'll be spending time with someone you find hard to get along with. This could be making plans to be somewhere else, or just excusing yourself for unspecified reasons. It's also good to have practiced responses for politely limiting conversation with someone who talks too much and you find unpleasant. For example, if you have to deal with someone who offers lengthy and unsolicited advice, you could cut off a rant by saying "Thanks! I hadn't thought of that!" For someone who brags a lot, you can look for a place to say, "That's great, I'm really happy for you," then exit the conversation. Keep your cool. However frustrating someone may get in your interactions with them, to get along, try to avoid getting angry. Take some deep breaths, count to ten in your head, whatever you need to do. Just try to stay calm and avoid things turning into a fight. Avoid arguments and difficult topics. If there are topics you know will lead to conflict with someone, try to avoid them. If you and your brother-in-law always fight about politics, don't bring up the election! Do your best to steer the conversation away from such topics. Likewise, if one of these topics does come up, avoid being sucked into an argument. Don't try to to defend your position or justify yourself, just say something like: "Well, you know we don't feel the same about that issue," and then try to move the conversation on to something else. You can even say "Let's talk about something else." Listen mindfully. When someone is talking to you, don't spend that time judging what she is saying or thinking of your defense — try to be present, listening to what the person is actually saying. At the same time, try to keep in mind that what the person is saying is a reflection of her perspective — her experience of life, which may be very different from yours. Her points of view don't necessarily make her a bad person, even if you disagree with them. Most people have reasons for thinking the way they do, and immediately becoming judgmental and defensive will keep you from learning why she thinks that way. When the person is done speaking, respond in an appropriate and kind way. Instead of saying, "I can't believe you think that. What is wrong with you?", you might say, "I've had a very different experience with that. Can I tell you about it?", or, "I'm interested to know what makes you think that." Accept criticism. If someone you find difficult is critical of you, try to treat this criticism as simple information. It is information you can choose to use or not use, depending on whether you think it has any merit. Try not to take criticism personally. It is as much a reflection of the viewpoint of the other person as it is anything to do with you. Be measured in your criticism of others. Sometimes, especially in professional situations, it's not possible to avoid conflict. Sometimes it is necessary to criticize others, if, for example, you supervise them at work. Make your criticisms tactfully to avoid personal offense. Focus on the behavior, not the person. Rather than attacking someone's personal characteristics, critique what he is doing that you don't like. This can minimize the risk of hurt feelings or conflict. For example, don't say "You are bad at planning ahead." Instead say: "I wish you'd try to think ahead more when we have major deadlines coming up." Point to specific, concrete improvements you would like to see, or specific things that are bothering you. For example, you could tell a coworker: "It was really hard for me in the meeting last week when you didn't have the reports ready that you had promised. In the future, if there's a problem, let me know in advance and I can help you get them ready." Try the "compliment sandwich." Start by talking about one of the person's strengths, then deliver the criticism, then conclude with another positive statement. Keep it logical. When you have to interact with difficult people, do your best to keep it fact-based. This will make it less likely that you'll get emotional and will make it harder for an argument to start. Release your stress. After an interaction with a difficult person, do what you can to let go of stress so it doesn't build up and affect your interactions with others. Go for a run, listen to your favorite music, punch a pillow, or whatever works for you. Anything that doesn't direct your frustration at others will help you get along better with people. 
Don’t rush. There is no rush!  The great part about kissing is that you're taking time away from the world to enjoy your partner. You don't need to scramble into things like the world is about to end. In all honesty, you will probably find it to be much more romantic and rewarding if you take the time to explore each other than if you kiss super fast and chaotically. Try it. Pull away slightly while kissing. This is a great technique for romantic kissing.  As you are kissing normally, pull back just slightly and see how the other person responds. If they follow you then you can continue kissing, and potentially even push them forward very slightly back in the other direction. However, this maneuver works best if you create a slight separation between your lips.  This manufactures of a moment of romance, with your lips only slightly apart and your bodies close together. Try softly biting or sucking on your partner's lower lip. This should be a natural position. While you are kissing your lips are generally slightly parted and you aren't always meeting your partners lips directly head on. Aim for the lower lip and then before pulling away suck on it a little bit or give it a tiny bite. This will feel new and exciting for your partner and it also adds some sensation. Peck softly. Sometimes less is more. By pecking softly, you are setting the stage for more to come and it can also be very romantic if you pause on your partners face during one of the pecks and breathe out slowly that can add to the romance. Kiss at certain times of the day. Greeting with a passionate kiss can be a nice surprise and lead into passionate kissing. The same goes for a good morning kiss or a goodbye kiss. Really there is never a bad time for a kiss, but these times can help punctuate a kiss and make it more passionate than it otherwise would have been. Try to think of romantic occasions to kiss your partner. Kiss your partner’s eyes one by one. Then go back to kissing their lips. This is romantic and passionate and if you pause slowly in between each kiss you'll only add to the anticipation. This can help you to break up the monotony of kiss after kiss and it also leaves you free to explore and kiss other areas around that area. Kiss your partner’s earlobe or cheek. Breathing into your partner's ear can help make the earlobe kiss even more passionate. Don't blow - a little breath will do the trick. You can even say their name softly for added emphasis, but make sure you say it quietly because everything is very amplified when you're talking that close to their ear. You can kiss their cheek softly on the way back to their mouth if you want to. Kiss your partners neck and under their chin. Kissing the neck is a classic move, but there's a reason for it. People really seem to enjoy this, and it's a nice break from kissing the lips because it's so close. Try biting or sucking on the skin around the neck lightly for extra emphasis – you don't want to leave your partner with an embarrassing mark. You don't need to use your tongue at all in this scenario though, that will probably end up looking messy and wet. Kiss everywhere! There really isn't a bad place to kiss someone as long as they feel comfortable. It will just look like you are exploring their body and show your partner that you like all of them – even enough to kiss it.  Kissing your wife's stomach when she is expecting is a great example of this technique. Try running your hands through your partners hair. Male or female, this is very romantic and passionate. If they have really long hair don't follow it all the way down, obviously. After all, you're stroking their hair – not brushing it. This technique works best if you keep your hands moving from their neck up to the back of their head. You can also explore other times of their head, tracing their ears with your finger or whatever else you think of. Push your body into the other person. Slight nudges from your pelvis or chest while your kissing can be a huge turn on for the other person, and it also pushes you closer together. Don't get too dramatic about it, just a slight pressure is enough to get the point across. This is something that you can do sitting down or standing up and it will have the same effect regardless. Put your hands on their hands, their hips, or their lower back. You can use this hand position to pull them toward you, or to squeeze their hand, or to rub their lower back, or anything else you think of. There are a lot of options and each of these positions offer the opportunity for you to express your passion through small pressures and touches with your hands. Plus, it makes the kiss more of an embrace. Caress their neck while you kiss. The idea behind this is that you're giving a mini neck massage while kissing. This will show that you really care about how your partner is feeling and adds another skin on skin component to a kiss. Don't try for a deep tissue massage, just stick to light kneading. You can combine the caress with touching their hair. 
Observe the color of the spider. Brown widows will be brown, tan, and gray with a mottled or spotted pattern. Some may also have white or black markings on their backs. Look for the hourglass marking. Like black widows, brown widows have a very distinctive hourglass marking on the underside of its abdomen. This marking, however, is yellowish to bright orange. Take note of any dark bands on the legs. The front pair will be longer than the rest. Check the size. The females will be 1 to 1 ½ inches (centimeters) long, including the legs. The males will be ½ to ¾ of an inch (centimeters) long. Search for any round, spiky egg sacs. Brown widow spiders can look similar to certain species of black widow spiders, and their brown color can make them hard to distinguish from other spiders. Knowing what a brown widow's egg sac looks like can help you identify it with more certainty. Here are some things to look for: Size: ½ inch (centimeters) Color: Ivory, tan, or yellow Shape: Round and spiky Location: On the web Look for cobwebs. Brown widow spider webs look different from the traditional lace-like spider web. Instead, they are three-dimensional (instead of flat) and cobwebby. Know if brown widow spiders live in your state. Brown widow spiders are typically found in the southern part of the United States. Here is a list of the states that they can be found in: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas California (particularly southern California), Colorado Florida, Georgia, Hawaii Louisiana (particularly New Orleans), Mississippi Nevada, New Mexico Oklahoma, South Carolina Tennessee, Texas Know if brown widow spiders live in your country. Brown widow spiders are not just found in the United State; they can also be found in other countries, including: Asia Australia Caribbean Islands Cyprus Japan South Africa Brown widow spiders prefer secluded areas. Like most spiders, brown widow spiders prefer dark, less-frequented places, such as woody areas. They can also be found in urban areas and around your home and backyard. Here are some places where you are likely to find brown widow spiders: Around garden, including under railings and inside empty flower pots In closets, attics, and garages, including inside boxes and under handles Around your house, particularly under eaves, and behind window shutters Underneath furniture, both patio and indoor Within folds of linen and clothing Inside shoes Know when brown widow spiders come out. Unfortunately, brown widow spiders are active during all four seasons: spring, summer, fall, and winter. Be able to identify a brown widow bite. Fortunately, brown widow spiders are not able to inject as much venom as some other species, so their bites are rarely serious. Here is what you should expect from a brown widow bite: The bite hurts or stings a little There is a small, red mark where you got bitten Know when to see a doctor. Sometimes, the body can have a far more severe reaction to a spider bite. If you experience any of the following symptoms, visit your doctor immediately: Trouble with breathing or keeping conscious Muscle cramps or tremors Sweating Nausea and vomiting Severe pain Infections at the bite site, such as rashes, pus, or ulcers Take care of the bite by cleaning it and applying an ice pack. Clean the bite using soap and warm water; be sure to rinse it well. Elevate the bitten area, if possible, and place an ice pack over it; you can also use a cloth soaked in cold water. Washing the bite will help prevent infection while keeping it cool will keep the swelling down. Take some over-the-counter medications. Spider bites can be itchy and uncomfortable, and brown widow bites are no exception. If you get bitten, consider taking some medication for it: Consider taking a pill, such as an acetaminophen, antihistamine, or ibuprofen. You can also use an anti-itch or anesthetic spray. Try to choose one that has benzocaine in it; this will help reduce the itching and pain. If the bite is red and won't stop itching, try an anti-itch cream, such as an hydrocortisone cream or a calamine cream. 
Examine the quality of the box. Real Jordans come packaged in a sturdy box. The lid should fit tightly, with no gaps. There will be an Air Jordan “Jumpman” logo on the lid and also on the side of the box. The printed colors on the packaging should appear even and uniform, with no areas of fading. The texture of the box itself will be consistent. The boxes vary in color and style depending on the year and type of Jordans, so you may want to run a Google image search to see what the current boxes look like. Check for spelling errors and logo imperfections. Make sure all of the words on the box are spelled correctly. Ensure that the Jordan Jumpman logo appears complete, without any unusual looking proportions or fading. Everything on the box should be aligned properly, with nothing looking unusual or crooked. If you are unfamiliar with the Jumpman logo, Google the image and make sure the logo on the box looks exactly the same. Look for a manufacturing sticker on the outside of the box. All Air Jordan boxes will have an official manufacturing sticker on the side. Check for the accurate style name of the shoe, the shoe size, color combination, and country of manufacture. The text should look uniform and the words will be evenly spaced out and properly spelled. The sticker should be firmly attached to the box, with no air bubbles underneath. It ought to look complete and easy to read. Fake Jordans will often feature a misshapen or crooked manufacturing sticker. If it is sloppily placed or hard to read, this is a red flag. Confirm the nine digit style number on the manufacturing sticker. All Jordans have a style number listed on the outside sticker. In almost all cases, it will be nine digits long. Check the Nike website for the style number of the shoes you're interested in purchasing and make sure the style number on the actual box matches what you see on their website. The style number is usually listed right below the country of manufacture on the sticker. Match the style number of the tag to the one listed on the box. Locate the small tag on the inside of the shoe. All of the information listed on the manufacturing sticker should also be on this tag. Make sure the information is exactly the same as what's on the box sticker, especially the style number. The stitching on the tag ought to look uniform and neat. Spelling errors on this interior tag are almost always an indicator of inauthentic Jordans. Examine the label under the tongue. Jordans have a very specific label under the tongue. Lift up the tongue and check out the underside. You should see the words “greatest player ever” embroidered there. The embroidery should be white, easy to read and look professional. Check the proportions of the Jumpman logo. Double check the details on the logo located on the back of the shoes (or sometimes on the tongue). The logo should appear crisp and uncompromised. Look at the hands, basketball and feet to ensure everything looks properly proportioned. Nothing should look blurry or smudged. Fake Jordans may have an uneven or lumpy Jumpman, with poor stitching and unusual proportions. Inspect the detail around the laces. The spaces between the shoelace tabs should be even. All of the shoelace tabs will be the same size and shape. Make sure they are all attached firmly, with the same amount of tension. Fake Jordans will often have some shoelace tabs that are looser than others. Look for high quality stitching. Inspect the shoes carefully for neat and professional looking stitching. Everything should look evenly spaced, with no unfinished edges or frayed threads. The stitching on the heel is often a giveaway – if it looks poorly done or uneven, question the authenticity of the shoes. Check for a midsole point. This is where the side fabric transitions into the front of the shoe. It is usually a different fabric and color than the toe section. On real Jordans, the midsole point will be in front of the bottom lace hole. On fake Jordans, the midsole point will often match the bottom lace hole. View the midsole tips. The “mountains” of the sole molding should be sharp tips, not curved edges. Research the known colorways for that particular type of Jordans. Go to Footlocker.com or Nike's own site to find the authentic colorways. Colorways are a color combination that is updated with each new style of shoe. Occasionally there are special edition colorways. If a site or individual seller is selling a colorway that is not listed on any direct Nike supplier site, it is a counterfeit product. Be doubtful of any new Air Jordans that are sold for under $100. Many of these shoes are limited edition and sell out quickly, so there is no motivation for a seller to drop the price below retail value. It is very rare to find Jordans for under $100. If the deal seems too good to be true, it probably is. Make sure the shoes are labeled “100% Authentic. ” If you're looking at a pair online that are listed just as “Authentic” you should be suspicious. Don't buy Air Jordan shoes that are advertised as “custom,” “sample,” or “variant.” This indicates that Nike did not commission them. If you're looking at Jordans online and no style number is included, email the seller to inquire about it. Confirm that the shoes come with the right box. Fake Jordans are often sold in boxes that list details which don't match the shoes themselves. Real boxes will feature correct colorway descriptions and all style numbers should match. If the shoes you're considering don't come with a box at all, purchasing them is not recommended. Avoid online purchases unless the images are clear and detailed. When buying shoes online, make sure multiple pictures are posted and you can clearly see the detail in each one. If a photo of the interior tag with the style number isn't included, email the seller to request one. Stock photos of shoes are usually a red flag. The descriptions should be clear, not vague. If the images provided are extremely small, ask the seller for better ones. If they aren't provided, avoid the purchase. Avoid buying Air Jordans from an overseas seller. Unless you are sure of the seller's authenticity, avoid overseas purchases. Nike may import from their overseas factories, but they supply from major hubs in the United States and Europe. Most fake Jordans are manufactured in Asia, especially China. Your chances of purchasing fake Jordans go up substantially if the shoes are shipped from Asia. Check seller feedback on sites like eBay. Look for established sellers with a lot of solid feedback. Avoid buying from sellers who have very little or no customer feedback; the merchandise is most likely inauthentic. Before you bid on a pair of Jordans, do your homework and make sure all of the information and pictures look right. Trust your gut; if something feels off about the sale, it's safer to avoid it and buy from someone else. 
Preheat the oven to 375 °F (191 °C) and put the hens in a roasting pan. Lay a wire rack in the bottom of a big roasting pan and place 6 Cornish game hens on it. If you don't have a wire rack that fits the pan, bunch up a few pieces of aluminum foil and place these on the bottom of the pan. You can easily cut this recipe in half or a third if you only want to make 2 or 3 hens. Keep in mind that the cooking time won't change. Whisk the juice, butter, paprika, and some of the spices in a small bowl. Pour 1 cup (240 ml) of lemon juice into a bowl and add 3/4 cup (170 g) of melted butter along with 1/2 teaspoon (2 g) of paprika. Then, whisk in 1 teaspoon (1 g) of the dried thyme, 1 teaspoon (5 g) of the seasoned salt, and 1 teaspoon (3 g) of the garlic powder to make a smooth sauce. If you'd like to use fresh herbs, loosen the skin near the hens' breasts and push about 6 fresh sage leaves the skin of each hen. Pour half of the sauce over the hens. The excess sauce will fall through the wire rack into the bottom of the pan. Set the remaining sauce that's in the bowl aside so you can baste the hens as they roast. If you prefer, brush the hens with half of the sauce instead of pouring it over although brushing the hens will give you more control. Mix the rest of the spices in another bowl and scatter them over the hens. Get out a small bowl and put the remaining 1/2 teaspoon (0.5 g) of dried thyme, 1/4 teaspoon (1 g) of seasoned salt, 1/4 teaspoon (0.8 g) of garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon (1.5 g) of salt, and 1/4 teaspoon (0.5 g) of ground black pepper into it. Stir the spices until they're combined and then sprinkle them evenly over the hens. You can also fill the hens with your favorite bread or rice stuffing. Bake the hens for 1 hour and baste them at the halfway point. Put the roasting pan in the preheated oven and bake the hens for 30 minutes with the lid off. Then, dip a basting brush into the reserved sauce and brush it over the hens. Cook the hens for 30 more minutes. The hens should become golden brown once they've finished cooking. For even crispier skin, brush the hens frequently during the last 30 minutes of roasting time. Remove the hens once they reach 165 °F (74 °C). Once you think the hens have finished cooking, insert an instant-read meat thermometer into the thickest part of a hen's thigh. The temperature should read at least 165 °F (74 °C) before you take the hens out of the oven. Stuffed Cornish game hens may take an extra 20 to 30 minutes to roast. If you stuffed the hens, you'll also need to check the stuffing temperature to see if it's reached 165 °F (74 °C) as well. Cover the hens and rest them for 5 minutes before serving. Lay a sheet of aluminum foil over the hens in the roasting pan and let them sit for 5 minutes. The juices will redistribute within the meat and the hens will finish cooking. While you wait, consider dishing up sides to serve with the hens, such as roasted vegetables , mashed potatoes , or cornbread. Store the leftover Cornish game hens in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 to 4 days. Pat 4 hens dry and cut out the backbones. To make the hens easier to handle, pat them dry using a paper towel. Then, take a pair of kitchen shears or a sharp knife and cut through each hen's breast. Flip the hens over and cut along the backbones so you can remove them. If you don't want to grill 4 hens, you can grill as many as you like. Keep in mind that the grilling time won't change although you may need to grill them in batches if you're making a lot. Discard or save the backbones to make stock. Flatten each hen and insert a skewer horizontally through the meat. Now that you've removed the backbones, turn each hen over so the breasts are facing up. Press down firmly on the breasts so the hen flattens and spreads out. Then, push a skewer horizontally through a thigh so it goes through the breasts and out through the other thigh. To prevent the wings from burning on the grill, you can also tuck the wing tips behind the breasts. Mix the salt, pepper, rosemary, juice, zest, garlic, and oil in a bowl. Get out a small bowl and pour 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of lemon juice and 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of extra-virgin olive oil into it. Then, stir in 1 tablespoon (18 g) of kosher salt, 1 teaspoon (2 g) of ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons (3.5 g) of finely chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon (6 g) of lemon zest , and 3 minced cloves of garlic. Rub the seasoning mixture over the hens. Use your fingers to scoop some of the seasoning mix onto each hen and gently rub it into the skin. Each hen should be completely coated with seasoning. Light a gas or charcoal grill to medium-high heat. If you're using a gas grill, turn half of the burners to high heat. If you're using a charcoal grill, fill half of a chimney with briquettes and light them. Once the briquettes are hot and lightly covered with ash, dump them onto half of the grill. Put the lid on the grill and let it heat up for about 5 minutes before you place the hens on the grate. Cook the hens over direct heat for 20 to 30 minutes. Arrange the hens on the preheated grill so the breasts are facing up. Try to place them so they're directly over the burners or briquettes and put the lid on the grill. Leave the hens for 5 minutes and then lift off the lid so you can flip them over. Then, cover and cook them for another 15 to 25 minutes. The hens should become crispy brown and lightly charred in spots. Remove the hens once they reach 165 °F (74 °C). To test if the hens are ready to take off the grill, insert an instant-read meat thermometer into the thickest part of a thigh. If it reads at least 165 °F (74 °C), use tongs to transfer it to a platter. If you don't have an instant-read meat thermometer, cut a hen near the thigh and breast to see if the juices run clear. Cover the hens and let them rest for 5 minutes before serving. Once you've put all of the hens on a platter, cover them loosely with aluminum foil and leave them to rest. The hens will finish cooking and the juices will redistribute within the meat. Consider serving the grilled hens with steamed rice , grilled vegetables , or a garden salad. 
Review rounding on a number line (optional). Let's ignore the decimals for a moment and try rounding to tens instead. Draw a number line from 10 to 20. The numbers on the left half of the line (like 13 or 11) are closer to 10, so they round to 10. The numbers on the right half (like 16 or 17) are closer to 20, so they round to 20. Rounding with decimals can seem confusing, but it's really the same process. You could relabel your number line as "0.10, 0.11, 0.12,..., 0.19, 0.2" and you'd have a number line for rounding to the nearest tenth. Write down a number with a decimal point. It doesn't matter how many digits come after the decimal. Example 1: Round 7.86 to the nearest tenth. Example 2: Round 247.137 to the nearest tenth. Find the tenths place. The tenths place is immediately to the right of the decimal point. After rounding to the nearest tenth, this will be the final digit in your number. For now, just underline this digit. Example 1: In the number 7.86, the 8 is in the tenths place. Example 2: In the number 247.137, the 1 is in the tenths place. Look at the hundredths place. The hundredths place is the digit to the right of the decimal point. This digit tells you whether to round up or down. Example 1: In the number 7.86, the 6 is in the hundredths place. Example 2: In the number 247.137, the 3 is in the hundredths place. The digits to the right of the hundredths do not matter when you're rounding to the nearest tenth. They represent "extra stuff" too small to make a difference. Round the tenths place up if the hundredths place is 5 or more. Is the digit in the hundredths place is 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9? If it is, "round up" by adding 1 to the tenths place digit. Get rid of all digits after the tenths place, and you have your answer. Example 1: The number 7.86 has a 6 in the hundredths place. Round up by adding 1 to the tenths place to get 7.9 , removing the digits to the right. Round down if the hundredths place is 4 or less. Is the digit in the hundredths place 4, 3, 2, 1, or 0? If it is, "round down" by leaving the tenth place as it is. Just remove any digits in the hundredths place and further to the right. Example 2: The number 247.137 has a 3 in the hundredths place. Round down by removing everything past the tenths place, to get 247.1. Round down to a zero in the tenths place. If there's a zero in the tenths place and your round down, keep the zero in your answer. For example, 4.03 rounded to the nearest tenth is 4.0. This gives people a better idea of the accuracy of your number. Just writing "4" isn't wrong, but it hides the fact that you were working with decimals. Round negative numbers. Rounding negative numbers is basically the same as rounding positive numbers. Follow the same process and always keep the minus sign in your answer. For example, -12.56 round to -12.6, and -400.333 rounds to -400.3. Be careful about using the phrases "round down" and "round up." If you look at a number line for negative numbers, you'll see that rounding -12.56 to -12.6 moves left, so that's "rounding down" even though you increased the tenth digit by 1. Round extra long numbers. Don't get confused by super long numbers. The rules stay the same. Find the tenths place and figure out whether to round up or down. After rounding, all the numbers to the left of the tenths place will stay the same, and all the numbers to the right of the tenths place will disappear. Here are three examples: 7192403242401.29 rounds to 7192403242401.3 5.0620138424107 rounds to 5.1 9000.30001 rounds to 9000.3 Keep numbers with no hundredths place the same. Does the number end in the tenths place, with nothing further to the right? This number is already rounded to the nearest tenth, so you don't need to do anything here. Your textbook might be trying to trick you. For example, 1509.2 is already rounded to the nearest tenth. 
Check the languages on offer. The American Translators Association offers generalized certification programs for translators and is widely recognized, both nationally and internationally. You can obtain a qualification for translating into English and for translating from English into your target language. Certification is available for translating into English from Arabic, Croatian, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, and Swedish. Certification is also available in translating from English into Chinese, Croatian, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, and Ukrainian. Check that you meet their preliminary requirements. The ATA has strict eligibility requirements which must be met. The ATA website explains the system and requirements in more detail but there are two core criteria which must be met prior to making your application. You must be a member of the ATA to apply for certification but you can become a member at the same time as making your test application. You must provide a reading proficiency test in both your source and target languages from the ACTFL (American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages.) Fulfill the conditions for accreditation. Eligibility requirements for becoming certified by the ATA are a combination of education, experience, and assessed proficiency. To be eligible to apply you must meet one of the following criteria: To be currently certified by the Fédération Internationale des Traducteurs. To hold a bachelor's degree from an approved translation and interpretation institute which is on the approved list of the ATA Education and Pedagogy Committee. To hold a bachelor's degree and two years proven work experience as a translator. To have at least five years proven work experience as a translator. Take the Test. This is a challenging three-hour exam that will cover: comprehension of the source-language, translation techniques, and writing in your target language. You will be graded on your grammar and choice of words as well as the overall quality and accuracy of your translation. To give yourself the best chance of success on the ATA test, make sure you have hit the level of at least 'Advanced-Low' on the ACTFL scale before attempting the ATA certification examination. Take advantage of the practice tests which are available from the ATA website. Candidates are provided with three passages. Passage A might be a newspaper editorial, an essay, a non-fiction book. Passage B may be technical, scientific or medical in content. Passage C may be a financial, business or legal document. Candidates must translate two written passages. A is compulsory and candidates can choose either B or C. Use your accredited status to progress your career. Once you receive your certification you will also receive an ATA-certified translator seal, and a professional services listing in the ATA Directory of Translation and Interpreting Services. This will enable you to market yourself to employers as a professional who is approved to industry standards. The ATA seal will document your certification number which you can use on your documents. Once your name is listed on the ATA Directory of Translators and Interpreters any individual or company seeking a professional translator will be able to find you and see your contact details. Check your eligibility. Court and legal translating are set apart from general translating duties due to the high ethical standards required to deal with defendants, litigants, victims, and witnesses in civil and criminal cases. You can become a certified Federal Interpreter in Spanish - or a State Interpreter in any of 20 languages. Eligibility requirements for state interpreters vary from state to state so check with your own court interpreting program. Eligibility requirements for federal interpreters are to have native-like mastery of English and Spanish as well as to be able to perform three modes of interpretation at speed: consecutive interpreting, simultaneous interpreting, and sight translation of documents. The sensitivity and complexity of interpretation in court settings means you must work rapidly and precisely. Sit the federal interpreter test. To be a federally certified interpreter, you must pass a two-part (English and Spanish) written and oral exam. The FCICE handbook tells you how to prepare for the written and oral examinations with specific advice on error detection and the ability to use synonyms. A good tip for success is to take the online FCICE self-assessment test. Be honest with yourself about your true skill levels. This will arm you with knowledge about the areas you need to work on to make sure you ace the test. The FCICE website offers candidates full-length practice examinations. Take advantage of them to give you insight into the questions you will need to answer on the test. Sit the state interpreter test. You must pass a two-part test which can be taken in your area. Test requirements and fees vary from state to state so it is vital to consult the specific requirements for your area. Take advantage of the practice tests on the NCSC website to help you prepare, identify your specific skill gaps and take steps to remedy them. A great tool are the self-study resources and toolkits on the NCSC website. These outline study materials, reference materials, consecutive and simultaneous dictionaries for your target language. Use your accredited status to progress your career. Once you have qualified you will be nationally recognized as a professional interpreter in a legal setting. These skills are transferable to different geographic areas and areas of expertise. It will show your commitment and ethics and will ensure that anyone you deal with will be assured of your competence and ethical standards. Federal court interpreter certification is recognized at the national level by both state and federal courts. State court interpreter certification is subject to reciprocity requirements that vary by state. Check your eligibility. If your interest is in working in the scientific or medical field, then the International Medical Interpreters Association offer certification through their Certified Medical Interpreter program (CMI. If you can meet their requirements you can sit a test which examines your written and oral translation and interpretation competency. You must prove you have completed an approved medical interpreter educational program. A registry of approved training programs is posted on the IMIA website.. You must prove your source and target language skills via a Bachelor, Masters, Ph.D., or any other degree from an institution of higher education or ACTFL qualification (American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages). Sit the test. The knowledge areas that will be tested in the oral and written examinations will cover professional training, experience, and conduct. You will be tested on medical terminology, your role and responsibilities, ethics, competence, knowledge of legal issues and regulations. You can take the exam in the method that best suits you. Either online via your home computer or at one of the many accredited test sites across the country. Use the help and tools included in the CMI Candidate Handbook to focus on improving your weak spots to get you through the test – do you need to learn more about regulations, or legal issues? Use your accredited status. Obtaining this certification provides you with a professional credential that crosses state lines and can be used to obtain work in specialist medical agencies. It demonstrates that you are professionally competent to provide both in-person and remote (virtual) translation and interpretation in medical settings. You will receive your CMI credential in the specific languages for which the oral exam is passed (for example CMI-Spanish, or CMI-Korean). Now you are certified you will not have to have your skills tested by each medical facility that you are contracted to. 
Fold your bandana into a triangle. Flatten your bandana on the table. A square bandana works best for this style. Position it like a diamond, and fold it in half to form a triangle. Create a long strip out of your bandana. Fold the base of the triangle up about 1–2 inch (2.5–5 cm) toward the tip of the triangle. Crease the fold and repeat, folding until the bandana is a narrow rectangle. Tie on the headband. For a simple headband look, place the center of the strip against your forehead. Tie the ends around the back of your head, using two knots to keep it secure. Wear it with a top bow instead. Alternatively, place the middle of your bandana strip on the center of the hairline on the back of your neck. Move your two hands toward the edges of the strip and pull it onto the top of your head. Tie a double knot on top of your head. Take the short ends sticking out of the knot and open the folds of the bandana to create your bow. Flip your head over if you've decided to wear your hair down. Once you've pulled the corners to the top of your head, flip your head back over so you can see what you're tying. Secure your bandana. If you want the bow to be off-center, now is your time to move it. Simply grab the knot with one hand and the middle of your bandana with the other and shift it until it reaches your desired spot. Pin the bandana near your ears and at the knot to keep it from shifting further. Fold a single corner of your bandana. Lay out your bandana. You want a square bandana in order to make this kind of fold. Take the corner closest to you (the bottom corner) and fold it up so that the point hits the center of the bandana. If you have a smaller bandana, make this fold smaller—don't make it reach to the center. This will give you more fabric to stretch over your head. Wrap the bandana around your head. Holding your bandana on each corner of the fold, place across your forehead. Make sure the small piece of fabric you folded is on the inside. Move your hands outwards toward the two side corners, pulling them toward the back of your head. The top corner of the bandana will be on top of your head. If it makes it easier, you can bend over forward to perform this step. Tie your bandana. Use the two side corners to tie a single knot at the back of your head. You want it tight enough so that it feels secure. Be careful not to make it too tight though, because it will be uncomfortable. Flip the top corner and tie it in place. Keep one hand on the knot you've created. Bring the top corner of the bandana over the top of your head and to the knot. Place it over your original knot and use your side corners to tie another single knot over this piece. This will catch the top corner in the middle of a secure double knot. Make any necessary adjustments. You can hold on to the front and pull the knot to loosen your bandana. To tighten it, use both hands to tighten the knot as securely as possible. If you have longer ends than you wish, create a triple knot to shorten them. Pull your hair into a pony tail. Before adding your bandana, you need to style your hair. Pull it back into a pony tail at your desired height and secure it with an elastic. If you wish to pull your bangs out, do so before adding your bandana.> Create a skinny strip with your bandana. Lay you bandana flat. You can use a square or rectangular bandana for this style. If you have a square bandana, fold it in half to form a triangle. If you have a rectangular bandana, fold it hot-dog style in half. Create a skinny strip by making 1” folds starting from the bottom of your bandana. Wrap the bandana around your ponytail. Flip your pony tail over the top of your head. Place the center of your skinny bandana strip on the elastic under your ponytail. Move your hands toward the ends of the bandana as you bring it up above your head. As you pull the ends up, flip your ponytail back into its natural position. Tie your bandana off. Take one of the ends and wrap it under the other to create a knot. Double knot this if you feel it won't be secure enough with a single knot. Let the sides hang down beside your ponytail. Loosen the folds if you wish to show off your bandana. Run your fingers through your pony tail to loosen your hair strands around the bandana for a more natural look. Use your bandana as a neck scarf or neckerchief. This is a fun, unconventional way to add a bandana to your outfit. You can tie it as an ascot wrap to accessorize. Place the bandana around your neck. Take two opposing corners and hold one in each hand. Pull the bandana tight and place it around the back of your neck with the ends hanging in the front. Create and secure your loop. Fold one end over the opposite end twice. On the last fold, bring the end up through the loop at your neck. Take both hands to loosen the wrap at the front of your neck. Also, loosen the end that you pulled through your loop to create your ascot look. 
Try a bromelain supplement. Bromelain, a supplement derived from pineapple stems, may help reduce bruising and swelling by breaking down blood proteins. You can also take it after bruising to try to speed up the healing process. Try one 500-mg pill or two 250-mg pill supplements each day. Talk to your doctor before trying this supplement. Take arnica. Arnica montana is a natural remedy for bruising that is used to reduce swelling and inflammation. You can take supplements to minimize bruising. Talk to your doctor before taking arnica. If you have a bruise, you can apply arnica ointment or gel to it, which has been proven effective to treat bruising. You can purchase it at the drugstore. Apply it to the bruise daily to reduce the bruise and inflammation of the skin. You may also try applying aloe, witch hazel, calendula, or turmeric root to treat your bruises. Take supplements to help with circulatory health. Adding certain supplements to your diet may help reduce your risk of bruising. Taking vitamin C, hesperidin, or rutin may help. Try 400 mg of each supplement. Make sure to talk to your doctor before starting any supplements. You can also eat more foods containing vitamin C and flavonoids. Vitamin C is found in citrus fruits, greens like spinach, strawberries, tomatoes, peppers, and broccoli. You can get flavonoids from carrots and apricots. Avoid blood thinning supplements. If you are bruising easily, you may want to limit some of your supplements. Vitamin E, ginseng, gingko biloba, ginger, and garlic are all blood thinners and can increase your chance of bruising. Limit how much you take these supplements. If you are going to have surgery, stop these supplements a few weeks before the procedure. Reduce your alcohol intake. Alcohol can thin the blood and cause you to bruise more easily. To help prevent bruises, limit how much alcohol you drink. If you are going to have a procedure that may cause bruising, don't drink for a few days before it. Incorporate foods containing bioflavonoids into your diet. Bioflavonoids help strengthen your blood vessels and connective tissue. Strong capillaries help reduce the risk of bruises. Eat more foods like dark leafy greens, grapes, dark berries, onions, and garlic. Eat more fruits and vegetables. Increasing the amount of fruits and vegetables in your diet will provide your body with the nutrients it needs to help prevent bruising, such as vitamin C and vitamin K. Vitamin C is found in citrus fruit, greens like spinach, strawberries, tomatoes, peppers, and broccoli. Vitamin K can be found in green leafy vegetables, brussel sprouts, cabbage, broccoli, and cucumbers. Wear protective gear when doing physical activities. Wearing protection can help lower your risk of bruising. You can get bruised from impacts, falls, or other obstacles when playing sports, being outdoors, or even working out. Wear helmets, sports padding, or shin guards. You can also try wearing long pants and sleeves to help. You should also wear protective clothing and sunscreen if you are going to be out in the sun for extended periods. sun damaged skin is more likely to bruise. Talk to your doctor. If you are worried that you have an underlying disorder that causes you to bruise easily, talk to your doctor. They can run tests to see if there is any condition that may cause you to bruise due to slight bumps or very minor injuries. Let your doctor know of any other symptoms that you may be symptoms of larger disorders. Ask your doctor if you have a platelet disorder. Platelet disorders, such as those that underlie diseases like leukemia or AIDS, can cause increased bruising. If you have too few platelets, you may suffer from increased bleeding or dark red or purple bruises in addition to more frequent bruises. See your doctor if you are concerned about increased bruising. Stop taking blood thinners if possible. Blood thinners can cause increased bruising. If you are taking blood thinners, such as warfarin or heparin, ask your doctor to do a PT test to see if you can reduce the dose or eliminate taking blood thinners. If you cannot be taken off blood thinners, be more cautious in situations that may cause you to bruise - the medicine will make you more prone to bruising. If you have recently taken blood thinners but no longer are, you may still be at risk of increased bruising. The effects will wear off after a short time. Check for signs of a blood clotting disorder. Blood clotting disorders, such as vitamin K deficiency or hemophilia, can cause an increased rate of bruising when the blood takes longer to clot under your skin. You may have a clotting disorder if minor injuries cause large, deep bruises. You will also have other symptoms, such as nosebleeds, painful or tight joints, blood in your urine or feces, or excessive bleeding. Hemophilia is an inherited disorder, so have yourself checked if anyone in your family has it. See your doctor if you think you may have a clotting disorder. You may be able to rectify the disorder through diet changes, exercise, and prescription blood thinners. Elevate and rest the injured area. Keep the area that was injured elevated. Rest it on a stool or armrest, or remain sitting up. This will help control the blood flow to the area and may prevent bruising. If you can, rest whatever part of your body you hurt. Apply ice. Ice can help slow the blood flow to the injured area, helping a bruise to develop slower or prevent one from forming. You can use an ice pack, wrap ice in a towel, or use a frozen bag of vegetables wrapped in cloth. Leave the ice pack on the area for 10 minutes. Then, wait at least 20 minutes before applying more ice. Never place ice directly onto the skin because it could damage the skin. Take over-the-counter pain relievers. If an injured area is extremely painful, mild pain relievers can help. Acetaminophen (Tylenol) and ibuprofen (Advil) can help. Ibuprofen also helps reduce swelling. Avoid taking NSAIDs (Aleve) and aspirin for pain relief since they cause blood thinning and can cause bruising. See your doctor if you bruise easily. In addition, if the bruise is extremely painful and/or doesn't begin to heal after a few days, seek medical attention. You should also see a doctor if bruises appear and you're not sure where they're coming from. 
Set up your work area. You'll need a large flat surface, preferably one that is slightly soft and won't scratch your glass. Work in an area that is easy to clean. Avoid working over carpet because of the risk of getting glass shards on the floor if the glass breaks. For their own safety keep pets and children away from your workspace and materials. Clean the glass surface in the area where you plan to make cuts. Any grime or silica on the glass can ruin your score. Wipe these away by running a cloth or your finger along the surface of the glass where you plan to score. Obtain a glass cutter and some light oil. Glass cutters are about the size of a pencil and use a diamond or a hardened wheel to mark a score into glass so that it can be broken cleanly along a line. You can buy cutting oil at a stained glass store or use a small amount of kerosene. Measure and mark where you want to score. The score must run from one edge of the glass to the other edge. You can write on the glass with a marker (preferably with a straight edge, if you are cutting a straight line. You can also mark on paper and place the glass on top of the paper. Cut should not be very long. Scores longer than two feet have a high failure rate when breaking. Make sure your marks leave about six inches of glass on each side to grip and break. If you cut smaller pieces, you may need to use special tools, like pliers or a light hammer, to break off glass you can't get a hold of. Dip the cutter in the oil and grasp it like a pencil. An oiled cutter creates a smoother score line. Make sure to look at the wheel and make sure it is lined up the way you want the glass to cut. Lay out a straight edge. Use a yardstick or a normal desk ruler. You need something that has a thick enough profile that it won't conflict with the wheel on the cutter. Apply pressure to the glass and you pull the cutter along the surface, rolling on the small carbide wheel. Listen for a smooth sound like ripping silk. A gritty sound means that you are pushing too hard or that you did not oil your cutter. The less sound you make, the better your score will be. If you push too hard (a very common mistake), your cut gets "hot," meaning that it snaps and pops. You are aiming to get a uniform score. If you are pressing too hard in one spot and perfectly in another, the glass will not break the way that you want it to. Microscopic imperfections in your score will cause your cut to go askew. Run the cutter smoothly from one edge to the other. Do not run back and forth over the line if you miss a spot. Check your score. You want a score that is not popping and is barely visible, if you were to wipe the oil away. It should look like a small scratch, nothing more. Make sure it runs completely from one edge to the other. Grasp each side of the cut carefully in your hands. Hold the glass as if you were trying to break a potato chip in half with two hands. Apply minor pressure from the wrist to break the glass along your score. Your elbows do not move. Simply twist your wrists (your right wrist will turn clockwise and your left will turn counterclockwise). Imagine that the score you made is half the depth of the glass and now you need to "open it up" by using the score as a weak spot. You're done as soon as you have two pieces of glass instead of the one you started with. When the glass breaks, it may simply start as a "run." If it only runs an inch or so, apply a little more twisting pressure and it will continue to run. Use fine sandpaper or a sharpening stone to remove the sharp edge. This edge will be where the vertical edge meets the horizontal surfaces. Not only does sanding reduce the chances of your being cut, but sanded glass is less likely to chip along the edges and has some added strength. Follow a pattern that connects to the edge. If you are cutting a freehand shape, make sure you are breaking along lines that run from edge to edge. Mark your lines with a marker or set your glass over your pattern. Use several straight lines to cut a sharp curve. You should be able to score along gentle curves normally with a steady hand. For tighter curves, make a series of marks that run along part of the curve and skew off at a tangent outside the piece you want. Flip the glass over and gently press on the center of your score from the backside. You will start a run this way. Follow the run with light pressure and you can watch the glass separate where you scored it. If your score is too close to the edge of a piece of glass, it may run to the edge instead of along your score because that is the easiest path for the run to take. Make some relief cuts to remove small pieces at a time instead of all at once. The smaller the relief cuts, the more accurate your cut will be. Grip smaller pieces with pliers to snap them off. Smooth your curved edges using a glass router. This machine uses a spinning wheel with fine diamond chips as a grinder. Turn on the router and press your curve firmly against the grinder to smooth out your curve, then sand as normal. 
Take a quiz online to find your style. Go online and simply search “Decor Style Quizzes” in order to get some direction. These quizzes will determine your personal style by having you choose between different rooms, accessories, and pieces of furniture. As you take the quiz, reflect on whether or not you could see yourself relaxing and/or entertaining guests in each space. Some styles that these quizzes may determine you have include: Happy modern Warm industrial Eclectic collector Classic glam Keep in mind that a single style may not fit your tastes. Feel free to mix and match elements to create a unique, but cohesive, style. Look online and in magazines for inspiration. Buy some interior decorating magazines and cut out any rooms, furniture pieces, and accessories in the magazines that you like and then make a collage or scrapbook out of the clippings. Search your specific decor style on sites like Pinterest and save any pins that you like to your “Decor Style” board. This should help you develop a clearer sense of style. Include your specific style in your Pinterest search. For example, search “modern style large living room” or “traditional style large living room.” Go through what you already own before you purchase new pieces. You likely already own several furniture pieces and accessories that fit your style, so go through your home and make note of what you enjoy having and what you'd like to replace. Get rid of the pieces that don't fit your vision and purchase new pieces that stay true to your style. If you can't afford to get several new pieces at once, keep your current furniture and accessories and replace one at a time over the course of several months. To save money, consider changing the pieces you can without replacing them. For instance, you could paint an old boring dresser that you have a bright color or change the upholstery on your dining room chairs to better fit your style. You can also repurpose items to fit your needs. For instance, instead of buying a new coffee table, make one out of crates or a large trunk. Match your decor to your personality and lifestyle. As you're trying to determine your style, consider who you are and what kind of life you live. For instance, if you're always planning your next trip and are passionate about seeing the world, you may want to go for a boho world-traveler theme that incorporates bright worldly colors, antique furniture, and organic textures, such as wooden stools and leather poufs. Some other styles you may consider include: Top-notch tastemaker: classic designer pieces, neutral backdrop, and high-tech gadgets. Life of the party: bold colors, playful accessories, and mixed patterns. Avoid displaying breakable items and using fabrics that stain easily if you have pets or children. Emphasize lighting. Since your living room is big, it probably can't be lit properly with just one central light source. During the day, take advantage of windows and keep the curtains or blinds open. Use 2-3 unique lamps near the corners of the room to enhance the central light source and make the evenings feel cozy for guests. Consider keeping 2 identical table lamps on side tables located on either side of your biggest couch. Then, put a floor lamp that is made of the same materials, or contains the same colors, in a corner on the other side of the room. If you have a fireplace but don't use it, fill it with candles and light them for extra brightness and ambience. Use a warm color palette. Cool colors, such as blues and greens, tend to visually expand space. Since you want to do the opposite, go with a warmer color palette that includes reds, oranges, and/or yellows. Get curtains, lamps, wall art, and throw pillows and blankets in these colors. For example, you could get a set of solid mahogany curtains and 2-3 apricot throw pillows that have mahogany appliques or tassels on them. Add in rough textures to warm up your large space. Texture is important because it adds dimension to a space, which is especially important when you have a lot to work with. Specifically, rough textures help a room feel more intimate and grounded, so try to incorporate several rough-textured pieces into your living room. Toss a few wool throw pillows onto your couch and/or keep a tree branch candle holder centered on your coffee table to add in some rough texture. To create a focal point, choose a textured couch or a large chair paired with a jute ottoman. Lay a large patterned rug on your living room floor. A large patterned rug can split up space and add personality to your room. Place it near your main sitting space underneath the coffee table and between or underneath your couches. Once again, choose patterns, textures, and colors that fit with your personal decor style, and make sure the size of the rug is proportionate to the size of the space. Consider getting a unique Persian or oriental rug, such as a Kazak rug or an Aubusson rug. These are typically very colorful and detailed. Go with well-tailored detailed curtains. It can be challenging to bring warmth and comfort to a large space, but the right window treatment can certainly help. Purchase curtains that are well-tailored and made of a fabric that has unique details to make your living room feel inviting. Pick colors and textures that fit with your specific style. For instance, you may choose a red, orange, and purple aztec pattern for your curtains if your style is laid back boho, or you might choose a simple black and white geometric pattern if your style is more modern. For a bold, but polished, look, layer sheer curtains under a heavier panel. Hang your curtains about 20 inches (51 cm) above your window. Especially if you have vaulted ceilings, allow your curtains to take up as much of the wall as possible to fill up the space. Position your curtain rod about 20 inches (51 cm) above the top of your window, or about halfway between the top of the window and the ceiling, to bring a bold attractiveness to your living room. Decorate the walls with artwork. You'll likely have a lot of large, blank wall space to fill in your living room. Get a couple large scale art pieces that really stand out to you. Make sure they go along with the rest of your decor, whether it's classic, modern, or another style. Wall art can fill up some of that overwhelming wall space and provide your room with a warm ambiance. If your style is more traditional, go for a classic portrait or landscape painting. If you want to keep the decor more modern, go for an abstract piece that displays interesting shapes and colors. To create a gallery wall, arrange 3 or more paintings, drawings, or photographs on a single wall. Use accessories in groups of 3. To tie everything together, spread identical accessories around your living room. This works best in groups of 3 because it isn't too many of one thing, but it helps the room to look relatively uniform and cohesive. Put 1 throw pillow on 1 couch, another identical throw pillow on a 2nd couch, and then a 3rd one on a big chair. You can also do this with small book shelves, lamps, and more. Put plants in the corners. Use tall potted plants and/or trees to fill up any spaces in the room that still feel bare. The corners are typically a great place for these kinds of plants. This may bring a refreshing earthiness to the room and also help break up the vertical space. Make sure you choose a plant that does well indoors with little sunlight, or go with a location that's near a couple of windows. Feel free to choose a faux plant, if desired. Anchor the room with pieces of furniture that are big and tall. Since you have a big room, you'll need some big and tall furniture to match it. These larger pieces will anchor the room and make the size of it not quite as noticeable or distracting. Get a large sectional sofa, a big coffee table, and/or a piano to fill up horizontal space and a tall bookcase or armoire to fill the vertical space. Put dividing pieces in the center of the room. One of the best ways to fill a large room is to use furniture to divide the space and designate different parts of the room for different activities. Place decorative screens and consoles near the center of the room to help make all activity spaces in the room feel desirable. One of the best places for a console is right up against the back edge of a couch. However, you shouldn't divide up the space if you plan to use for a single purpose. Use multiple pieces to create several sitting areas. Seating options don't need to all be close to each other. Instead, get more furniture than you normally would and make use of the space. With these pieces, create sitting areas for large groups, small groups, and couples. Consider getting 3 couches, adding several sitting chairs, and/or getting 1 hard and 1 soft coffee table. Make a larger sitting area with a sofa and a few chairs, but then add in some window nooks and card tables as well for pairs to utilize. Create a reading nook in the corner of the room with a comfortable chair, side table, and lamp. This gives the corner a purpose in addition to making the room feel fuller. Keep sitting furniture away from the walls. In order to avoid having large blank walls, you may be tempted to push your couch up against one of the walls in your living room. However, if you do this with your sitting furniture, people may feel awkward when they try to talk across the room to others. Bring your couches and chairs closer together so that conversation flows comfortably. Arrange furniture around a focal point. By positioning your furniture around a focal point, you can make the space feel cohesive and create a nice flow in the room. Arrange your furniture around one of your bigger, more interesting pieces of furniture, or around an attractive feature of the room, such as a fireplace. 
Look for thin, irregular white, yellow, or brown patches. The patches could be irregular-shaped splotches or rings. You will likely see the soil through the grass, which will look frayed. The patches will likely continue to grow in diameter over time. Watch for gray, black, orange, red, or purple spots on grass or stems. This can be a sign of leaf spot, a fungal infection that will travel down the blades of grass, resulting in root rot. Over time, your grass will die. The fungal infection will continue to spread outward if it's left untreated. Check for gray, black, or pink powder or threadlike coating on the grass. This can indicate red thread, pink patch, or powdery mildew. Red-thread and pink patch often occur together, and they spread easily. Powdery mildew can also spread, though it's not likely to penetrate the soil. Notice grass that has become dark, wet, and slimy. This is called grease spot, which is most common in humid environments. If you have grease spot, you may also notice a white, cotton-like fungus growing around the slimy area. Avoid tracking the fungus across other parts of your yard. Fungal diseases spread easily, so your footsteps, lawnmower, or wheelbarrow can easily allow the disease to spread to healthy parts of your yard. When you must walk through the area, cover your footwear with plastic wrap, removing it before stepping onto clean grass. Be sure to catch and remove all grass clippings when mowing. Apply a fungicide to your lawn. Choose a fungicide that addresses the infection you have in your yard. There are two types of fungicide: contact and systemic. Contact fungicide comes in a liquid. It coats the surface of the plant and kills the spores it comes in contact with. It normally wears off fast and is minimally effective. Systemic fungicide is usually granular and dissolves into the soil, where it's taken up into the root system. This treatment lasts longer.You should follow the instructions on your product's packaging. Benomyl is potent against a range of fungi, including snow mold, brown patch, and dollar spot. Triadimefon works well against anthracnose and rust. Chlorothalonil does best against brown patch and red thread. Fairy ring has no cure once it establishes itself in your lawn, and fungicides are only effective against necrotic ring spot if accompanied by a de-thatching process. Try natural treatments that kill fungicide. If you don't like using chemicals, there are a few natural options you can try. Neem oil, compost tea, and baking soda solutions can all kill fungus. Pour or sprinkle the natural treatment over the infected patch. These natural options work best on new growth or small quantities of fungus. Keep other people and pets away from the affected site for a few days after you apply the natural treatment. Expect some fungal infections to be seasonal. Certain fungal infections are affected by the weather. Gray snow mold usually goes away when the weather warms to temperatures above 40 degrees Fahrenheit (4 degrees Celsius). Rapidly warming weather could kill the mold immediately. Similarly, some thread molds go away when the sun warms and dries the lawn. Other fungi, like powdery mold, thrive in dry weather with high humidity. Fungal infections can go away on their own if you properly maintain your yard. Water your lawn only when necessary. Most yards need only 1-inch (2.54 centimeters) of water weekly, but homeowners may water their lawn more than is necessary. Many fungi thrive in moist conditions, so overwatering makes it easier for fungi to grow. On the other hand, don't allow your lawn to get too dry, either. Dry soil will lead to weak grass that is more susceptible to disease. It's best to water in the morning because your soil will absorb the water it needs, allowing the extra water to evaporate throughout the rest of the day. If you use a sprinkler, test it to make sure it is working properly. Measure how much water it is distributing in your yard so that you can adjust accordingly. Use a low-nitrogen, slow-release fertilizer. Fungal infections can occur due to either under- or over-fertilization. To maintain balance, choose an organic, slow-release fertilizer with potassium and nitrogen. Fertilizer can help your lawn fight off an infection by strengthening the grass. Avoid too much nitrogen because it can cause fast growing grass that is weak, making it more susceptible to infection. Always follow the instructions on the packaging to avoid misapplication. Remove all leaves from your yard in winter. Gray snow mold can grow under fallen leaves if you leave them on your lawn. To prevent mold growth, rake up and remove all leaves before it snows. Keep your lawnmower at the highest setting. You should only cut ⅓ of the grass height at any given time. Rather than cutting your grass short, you should leave your lawn lush and thick because the fresh growth is weaker, making it more susceptible to the fungus. While it may be more work, long grass will keep your lawn healthier. Keep your lawnmower blades sharp and clean. Mow your lawn a little shorter than usual before snow comes to help protect against snow mold. De-thatch your lawn to remove layers of dead plants. Thatch is usually made up of dead grass, leaves, roots, and stems, which can smother the soil. Your soil needs air circulation to prevent fungal infections, so de-thatching can help prevent an infection.  It's best to use a mechanical, gas powered de-thatch machine that could be rented at the local home improvement center or equipment rental store. De-thatching is usually done in the spring. Aerate your yard annually to break up the soil. Aeration will loosen the soil, preventing it from becoming too compacted. This is very important and should be done at least once a year ensure that water, fertilizers, and lawn treatments can penetrate into the soil. Otherwise, the roots of the grass will not be able to fully absorb nutrients or treatments. You can rent an aeration machine to help you loosen the soil. Top-dress your yard annually after the aeration. Top-dressing your yard means adding a layer of rich, well-draining material that will help you improve the quality of your soil. It will likely include materials like sharp sand, loam, peat, or compost. The top-dressing can improve the health of your grass and help it drain better, preventing excessive moisture. Spread your top-dressing over the yard, raking it across the soil to create an even layer. Before you top-dress, you should de-thatch and aerate your soil. 
Apply an exfoliator. Desquamation, or the process of shedding outer skin layers, is an important part of skin rejuvenation. Using a gentle exfoliating agent can help get rid of the dead skin cells clinging to your epidermis, which may help unclog pores and prevent them from re-clogging. If you have normal to oily skin, consider exfoliating once every day or two. If you have dryer, more sensitive skin, you may want to limit yourself to exfoliating once or twice each week. There are two categories of exfoliants: mechanical exfoliants, like facial scrubs and cleansing pads, as well as chemical exfoliants, like hydroxy acids. Both are effective at removing dead skin cells and opening up your pores. Many different exfoliating products are available on the market today, but certain types of exfoliants may damage your skin, depending on your skin type. If you're unsure about which products to use, talk to a board-certified dermatologist or another skincare expert about the best exfoliation option for your skin type. Use over-the-counter products. There are many over-the-counter (OTC) products that will help fight acne, including blind pimples. When using OTC products, it's important that you wash the problem areas with a gentle cleanser twice daily (unless your skin is too sensitive to be washed more than once a day). Use just enough acne product to cover the blind pimple and other problem areas on your skin. OTC products typically include one or more of the following ingredients: benzoyl peroxide - kills bacteria, removes dead skin cells and excess oil, and can help unclog pores. May cause dry skin, scaling, and burning, and can bleach hair or clothing. salicylic acid - helps prevent pores from becoming plugged. May cause mild stinging and/or skin irritation. alpha hydroxy acids - there are two types of alpha hydroxy acids commonly found in OTC products: glycolic acid and lactic acid. Both acids are effective at removing dead skin cells, reducing inflammation, and stimulating new skin growth. sulfur - removes dead skin cells and excess oil to prevent pores from clogging and helps kill bacteria on your skin. May cause dry skin and carry an unpleasant odor. Try prescription-strength topicals. If OTC acne products do not adequately treat your skin problems, you may need to talk to a dermatologist about prescription-strength medications. Topical prescriptions are medications that are applied topically (to the external surface of your skin). For best results, wash your skin with a gentle cleanser and dry your face about 15 minutes before using a topical medication. Common prescription-strength topicals include one or more of the following ingredients: retinoids - prevent hair follicles from becoming plugged, which can help prevent pimples from forming. Retinoids also reduce inflammation. Start by applying retinoids in the evening three times each week, working your way up to daily use as your skin becomes accustomed to the medicine. antibiotics - kill excess bacteria on your skin and reduce redness and inflammation. Topical antibiotics are often combined with benzoyl peroxide to reduce the chances of becoming resistant to the antibiotics. Common antibiotic combinations include clindamycin with benzoyl peroxide (Benzaclin, Duac) and erythromycin with benzoyl peroxide (Benzamycin). dapsone (Aczone) - kills bacteria and prevents skin pores from becoming clogged. May cause dry or reddish skin. Use heat or ice therapy. Depending on your skin and the severity of your blind pimple, you may want to consider using heat therapy or ice therapy. A warm compress can dry out a blind pimple and help it drain, while an ice pack can help reduce pain and swelling at the site of the pimple. You may want to use ice for the early stages of a blind pimple. If the pimple gets larger, more inflamed, or more painful, then you may want to use more warm compresses to try to draw out the fluid. You can make a simple warm compress by soaking a clean wash cloth in warm to hot water (but be careful not to burn yourself). Apply a warm compress for just a few minutes at a time, but you can repeat the process as often as necessary throughout the day. For ice therapy, apply an ice pack, or wrap ice cubes in a clean towel or wash cloth. Apply the cold compress for no more than 10 minutes at a time, up to four times each day. Make an apple and honey mask. Apples and honey are thought to be helpful for treating acne (including blind pimples) due to the properties of both ingredients. Apples contain malic acid, which can help make skin firmer and stronger, while honey has antimicrobial properties that can help fight bacteria (which may be the cause of your clogged pores). Blend an apple into a pulp. Then gradually add all-natural honey to thicken the pulp until it forms an easily-spreadable paste. Apply the paste to your blind pimple and let it stay on for at least ten minutes. Then wipe or rinse the paste away and wash your skin with a gentle facial wash. Try tea tree oil. Tea tree oil is often used in natural remedies to treat a variety of skin conditions. Applying tea tree oil to a blind pimple may help remove dead skin cells, oil, and dirt that has clogged your pores and reduce inflammation. Use a small amount of oil on the blind pimple three times each day. This may work best when combined with other skin care routines, like using exfoliators or a gentle face wash. Apply aloe vera. Aloe vera has long been used to remedy skin ailments, and many people believe that aloe vera may help treat blind pimples. If you're using a store-bought gel, simply apply the aloe vera gel to the affected site. If using your own aloe leaves, break the leaf along the stem and squeeze out some of the plant's gel-like juice. Apply aloe vera directly to the site of the blind pimple, and leave it on for at least 20 minutes. After 20 minutes, rinse your face with warm water to clear away your skin. Practice good hygiene. Keeping your face clean is one of the best things you can do to prevent blind pimples from forming. That's because most pimples are caused by pores clogged with dirt, bacteria, and oil, all of which can be removed by using a daily facial wash. It's also important to properly wash your hands any time you will be touching your face, as unwashed hands could introduce new bacteria to your skin's pores. Choose a gentle cleanser. Opt for facial cleansers that are non-abrasive and do not contain alcohol. Wet your face with clean lukewarm water. Then use your fingertips (after washing your hands) to apply the cleanser. Do not scrub your skin, as this can cause irritation and damage. Rinse with clean lukewarm water and pat your face dry with a clean, soft towel. Wash twice daily and any time you sweat excessively. Stay hydrated. Properly hydrating your body can help improve your skin's elasticity. Though elasticity is not necessarily correlative with reduced acne, it can help improve your skin as part of an overall skin-care regimen. Aim for eight glasses of water daily. Avoid consuming sugar, alcohol, and excess caffeine to help prevent dehydration. Eat a healthy diet. Avoid foods with high in sugar or fat, and reduce processed foods. Eat more healthy, whole foods like fruits and vegetables. There is no conclusive evidence, but studies have show links between acne and foods containing high levels of refined sugar, fat, or dairy. Foods that cause your blood sugar to rise (like sugar and carbohydrates) cause your body to release insulin, which may cause your oil glands to overproduce. A low-glycemic diet may help prevent acne. Reduce your stress. Stress is not likely to create new cases of acne, but if you're already prone to acne, stress can induce a bad flare up. Reducing your daily stress levels can help reduce acne outbreaks, including blind pimples. Try autogenic relaxation. This method of stress relief involves repeating calming words/phrases in your mind while focusing on your body's sensations. Try concentrating on your breathing or relaxing each limb in succession while reciting your calming mantra. Use progressive muscle relaxation. This technique involves tensing, holding, and then relaxing each major muscle group in your body in succession. Start at your head and work your way down, or vice versa. Hold your tensed muscles for at least five seconds, then release the tenseness and let your muscles relax for 30 seconds before moving to the next muscle group. Visualize a peaceful place/situation. Close your eyes and sit alone in a quiet spot. While picturing a relaxing scenario or place, try to engage your senses. Think about the feeling of sitting on the floor/ground/bed, the sounds of ocean waves (for example), and the smell of salt water wafting over you. Meditate. Sit alone in a quiet place. You can sit with your legs folded under you, or you can sit upright with your feet firmly planted on the floor (whatever is most comfortable). Close your eyes and focus on your breathing. Breathe through your diaphragm (down near your stomach) rather than your chest. Take slow, deep breaths in and out, and try incorporating a mantra (if you're comfortable with it). Your mantra can be affirming (I love myself) or relaxing (I feel completely peaceful) - whatever will help you relax and sit in peace. 
Drink straight vodka. This is the simplest choice and cuts out the calories found in many mixers. Because this option requires absolutely no other ingredients, you won't need to worry about having a stocked refrigerator or pantry—just pour and enjoy! There are a couple of common ways to enjoy vodka straight. You can drink it very quickly, as a shot. Or, you can put it over ice and sip it (this is called "on the rocks"). For even fewer calories, consider brands that market a lower calorie vodka. Skinny Girl Cocktails makes a few different reduced-calorie vodkas. A 1 ⁄ 2 fl oz (44 mL) serving has 75.6 calories, compared to typical vodkas which have 96 calories per 1 ⁄ 2 fl oz (44 mL) serving on average. This can definitely add up! Do note that most reduced-calorie liquors achieve lower calories by reducing the proof. So, you would need to drink more to achieve the same effects as regular liquors. But, depending on the reason for your alcohol consumption, this may not matter to you. Try flavor-infused vodkas. Flavor-infused vodkas are flavored vodkas without any extra calories. Many brands of vodka sell infused varieties, including Absolut, Belvedere, Burnett's, and Gray Goose, and it's been a trend for years in the vodka world to come out with different flavors of infused vodkas. Infused vodkas can make for a more flavorful and interesting experience when drinking vodka straight and can also eliminate the need for various traditional higher-calorie mixers like juice. Many of the infused vodkas sold in stores are infused with things you might expect, like lemon or berries or cucumber. But there are also exotic infusions like horseradish, bacon, and smoked salmon. It's also very easy to make your own infused vodka! You can use most types of fresh fruits and vegetables. Some people even infuse their vodka with coffee beans or candy, like toffee. Simply place your flavor in a canning jar and pour vodka inside. Wait a few days and then strain the liquid out and voila: flavored vodka! You can make your own delicious watermelon-infused vodka. Fresh watermelon or watermelon-flavored candy will do the trick. Combine vodka with low-calorie mixers. Diet Coke and other diet sodas are popular mixers that add zero calories to vodka. Other common options are plain water, soda water, light cranberry juice, diet iced tea, diet lemonade, and lime juice. Because the calories in vodka tend to be pretty standard across the board (unless you opt for reduced-calorie vodka) the only way to have a cocktail without a lot of calories is to be mindful of what you mix in with your alcohol. Sugar is the main culprit for calories in mixed drinks. This is why so many of the options for low-calorie mixers are low in sugar or have switched out the sugar with a sugar substitute like Stevia or Sweet'n Low. There's even sugar-free Triple Sec. If you're using mixers that do have a fair bit of calories, simply use less. It may end up tasting different that you're used to, but it can still be delicious. However, using a small amount of a caloric mixture doesn't have to affect the taste. In fact, a traditional vodka martini uses dry vermouth but uses so little that it doesn't make the drink very high in calories. Mix vodka with club soda and Mio. Add 1 shot to vodka to an 8  fl oz (240 mL) glass with ice; then fill with fresh club soda. Top with 2 squeezes of your favorite flavor of Mio, stir, and garnish with a lemon. The fresher the club soda, the more bubbles you will get! Alternatively, skip the Mio and squeeze in a lime wedge to try a cocktail known as a "Skinny Bitch" or "Sportsman." Try vodka with Crystal Light and lime. Make Crystal Light in your preferred flavor beforehand and put it in the fridge for a few hours. Place ice into an 8  fl oz (240 mL) glass, add 1 shot of vodka, then fill with Crystal Light. Squeeze a lime wedge in and stir. Crystal Light only has 5 calories per serving and comes in a variety of flavors (lemonade, strawberry, orange, etc.), so you can tweak this drink depending on your mood or your individual taste buds. Blend a raspberry cocktail. In a blender combine ice cubes, 8  fl oz (240 mL) of Minute Maid Light Raspberry Passion, and 1 ⁄ 2   fl oz (44 mL) of vodka. Garnish with fresh raspberries. This drink only has 115 total calories, so you can splurge on two! Make a strawberry citrus vodka cocktail. Gather 2 strawberries, 1 sprig of mint, ⁄ 4   fl oz (22 mL) of light agave nectar, 1 ⁄ 4   fl oz (52 mL) of citrus vodka, and ⁄ 4   fl oz (22 mL) of lemon juice. Muddle together the strawberries and mint in a shaker. Then add remaining ingredients and shake vigorously for 20 seconds with ice. 
Take stock of the things that your friend does that bother you. When you are alone, think about the things you're your friend does and identify the reasons why they bother you. Identifying these issues in the relationship will help you to work out strategies for how to cope and, hopefully, improve the relationship.  Does she often cancel plans with you at the last minute? Does she yell at you? Does she flirt with that guy that you like, even after you told her that you like him? If you have trouble identifying exactly what your friend does that bothers you so much, you may want to discuss your friend with another friend or someone else that you trust. Deal with your emotions. After you have identified the things that your friend does that bother you, think about how those things make you feel. It is important to acknowledge the pain and other emotions that your friend has caused you and deal with those emotions in a healthy manner. If you refuse to acknowledge your emotions and deal with them, they may erupt in an unexpected or inappropriate manner. Determine whether or not the problem warrants a confrontation. Confronting your friend will be difficult for you and even more difficult for him or her. Before you decide to confront the person, think about whether or not the issue is a big enough deal to require a confrontation. If you confront the person and the issue is rather minor, you may end up looking like you are nit-picking and that can cause more problems in the relationship. Develop strategies for situations that do not require confrontation. Not all problems are worth confronting your friend about, but you should still prepare yourself to handle common situations that you think may not be worth a confrontation. Having strategies in place can also help you to feel more in control when your mean friend says or does things that upset you.  If your friend often cancels plans with you at the last minute, make backup plans to lessen the damage of her canceling on you. If certain topics cause your friend to make rude or insulting comments, avoid discussing those topics with him or her. Wait until your anger has subsided. Don't confront the person while you are still angry or upset. Wait until you have cooled down and vented your feelings to another friend or in writing. Confronting your friend while you are still angry or feeling hurt makes you seem vulnerable and it may affect the results of your confrontation. Plan out your complaint. Write out what you want to say to the person to help guide you when you actually confront him or her. If you think you might get flustered during your conversation, having your main points written out on a notecard may help you when you actually deliver the complaint to him or her. Structure your complaint as a cause and effect statement: “When you _____, it makes me feel _____.” Remember to keep your complaint short and to the point. Do not include any unnecessary details in your complaint. Providing too many details will lessen the impact of your complaint and it may leave your friend confused about the exact purpose of your complaint. If you feel especially nervous about confronting your friend, you may want to practice with another trusted friend to make yourself feel more confident. Confront your friend. When you feel prepared to confront your friend, take a deep breath and deliver your complaint how you practiced it. Keep a low, even tone to your voice and be kind and polite as you confront the person. If you seem calm, your friend will be more likely to respond in a like manner. Don't lose control or retort with insults if your friend becomes irate. If things begin to fall apart, simply thank your friend for hearing your complaint and excuse yourself. In a worst case scenario, you can still control your own behavior and you will feel better knowing that you handled the situation in a mature, intelligent manner. Learn to love yourself. Part of the reason why certain comments that your mean friend makes may bother you so much is because he or she is commenting on things that you are self-conscious about. One of the easiest ways to defend yourself against these types of remarks is to deepen your acceptance of yourself. Learning to love yourself (even your imperfections) is not easy and it will take time, but working on your relationship with yourself can help to protect you against mean comments and behavior.  Accept yourself for who you are. Take time each day to appreciate the person you are. Acknowledge your strengths and triumphs (even the small ones.) Forgive yourself when you make a mistake. Don't beat yourself up if you make a mistake, just forgive yourself and move on. Treat yourself well. Don't do things that make you feel uncomfortable or allow others to pressure you into doing things that you don't really want to do. Do things that make you feel happy and fulfilled. Learn to say no. Don't say yes every time someone asks for a favor or wants you to do something with them. Defend yourself. If your friend says something mean to you, let him or her know that those comments were hurtful and that you'd like them to lay off.  At first, respond with a casual comment to let your friend know that his or her comments are hurtful. Try saying something like, “Ouch! That was kind of mean. Could you not say things like that to me, please?” If the meanness continues, let him or her know that you are serious by saying something like, “I'm not joking. You are being unnecessarily mean. Knock it off.” Practice delivering these requests until they sound natural. Be firm when you speak and use direct eye contact so that the person sees that you are confident and serious. Be persistent. Don't stop defending yourself just because the behavior continues. The more you practice this type of self-defense, the more your friend will get the idea that their words are hurtful and that you will not tolerate them. Respond calmly and kindly. If your friend yells at you, he or she probably expects you to yell back. And if you do yell back, he or she will yell back louder, and so on. Instead of retaliating in like manner to your friend's anger or meanness, respond calmly and kindly. This unexpected approach will confuse and redirect the behavior.  For example, if your friend yells at you for a mistake you made, don't yell back. Respond in a calm, kind voice. Say something like, “I am sorry that what I did upset you, but I don't think it was such a big deal that we can't discuss it reasonably.” Refuse to be insulted, even if it’s passive aggressive or subtle. If your mean friend tends to belittle or speak to you in a condescending tone, respond to this type of behavior by calling him or her out on this behavior. This technique works especially well when others are present who will support your condemnation of this type of negative communication.  For example, if your friend says something to insult you (or someone else), try responding with something like, “Come on Jimmy, making remarks like that is beneath you. Show everyone that you are better than that.” Get out of the relationship. If this person is constantly beating you down and refuses to change after you have confronted him or her, your best option is to get out of the relationship. Don't hope in vain for things to change because it is more likely that they will become worse the longer you are attached to the person. If the person is someone you have to see on a regular basis because you go to school together, work together, or something else, try to engage with the person as little as possible. 
Pack the right clothes. Pack the swimsuit you've picked out and an extra change of clothes. The extra change of clothes is for the ride home, so you won't be all wet and sandy. Also, make sure you're comfortable enough to spend all day in the clothes you wear down. Having a changes of clothes means you can head somewhere else after the beach. Don't forget to include good footwear. Take sandals for the beach and water shoes for the ocean so you're ready for anything. Take protection from the sun. You don't want to ruin your beach trip with a bad sunburn. Plus, protecting yourself from the sun will keep your skin looking younger as you age and guard against skin cancer. Start with a sunscreen of at least 15 SPF. Check to make sure it protects against both UVA and UVB rays. Don't forget to add a lip balm with sunscreen to protect your lips. Make sure to reapply it frequently, especially after sweating or jumping in the water. Use clothing for protection. Hats and sunglasses offer much needed protection for your face and eyes, but wearing a coverup with long sleeves can also offer protection. If coverups aren't your thing, take a beach umbrella or tent/gazebo instead. Bring something to sit on. A beach chair or a towel is appropriate, but if you choose a towel, it should be separate from the one you'll be using to dry off with. If you choose a plastic chair, you may still want to bring the extra towel to keep your chair from getting too hot while you are away. You could also bring an old blanket you don't mind getting sandy. Another option is an old fitted king-size sheet. You can put things like bags and coolers in the corners, so that the sheet makes a cozy little playpen for you and your family. Take a first aid kit. Of course, you hope no one will get injured, but taking a basic first aid kit will offer you some relief if someone gets hurt. You can buy a first aid kit ready-made or make your own. Make sure you have things like bandages, antibiotic ointment, pain relief pills, and a thermometer, as well as anti-diarrhea medicine. You may also want antihistamines. Make sure you have an assortment of bandages, including small adhesive ones as well as roller bandages, gauze pads, and medical tape. You should also have things like antiseptic packets, hydrocortisone packets, non-latex gloves, and compress dressings. Also, make sure you pack any common over-the-counter medications you use frequently. Bring a waterproof or water resistant bag. You'll need a place to stash your valuables away from the water and the sand. Pick a bag that's fairly water resistant or waterproof so that you can stash your phone and wallet away. Leave anything irreplaceable behind that you can so you don't lose or damage it on the beach. Another trick to protect your valuables is to clean out an old sunscreen bottle. Use it to hide valuables you don't want anyone to steal, and as a bonus, it keeps them dry. You can also stash electronics in zip-top bags for protection. For beach toys, find a net bag so sand can be left on the beach. Pack all the food in a cooler with ice. Bring activities to share. If you're traveling in a group, bring something you can all do. For instance, a deck of waterproof cards is great for the beach, as long as it's not too windy. You could also bring a board game that doesn't have too many parts. A game like Twister, for instance, would be great for the beach. Remember to include fun for the kids in your group. On the beach, all you need are some simple toys, such as buckets, shovels, and other cheap toys. Your kids will have a blast in the sand and water. Don't forget some music. Music is a great way to keep people entertained. For a simple solution, you could bring along a waterproof, battery-powered radio, like a shower radio. However, you can also use waterproof bluetooth speakers so you can play music from your phone. Take some solo activities. You'll enjoy just lounging for a bit, but you might also want something to enjoy all on your own. For instance, take a light book you've been meaning to dive into. The beach is the perfect time to do it. If you take an e-reader, make sure it's okay in the glare of the sun, and that you have a portable charger for it if you need it. You may also want a portable charger for your phone. Slip the e-reader into a zip-top bag to protect it. You could also take activity books such as crossword puzzles and Sudoku books. Take some snacks. If you're planning to stay at the beach for a few hours, you're going to want some snacks and drinks to get you through. Keep it fairly simple. If you choose anything too complicated that requires assembly, you'll likely end up with sand in your food. Some good snacks to take include fruit, granola bars, vegetable sticks, and bottles of water. Skip the sodas as those don't hydrate as well. In fact, if you're planning on staying all day, consider just packing lunch. Though you can take a cooler for drinks, you might want to pick something that won't spoil easily, such as a peanut butter and jelly. Bring a small bag for any trash you may accumulate. It may be difficult to find a trashcan at the beach. Bring moist towelettes with your food. You can use them to clean up hands before and after your eat. Stake out your spot. When you get to the beach, you need to stake out a claim. It's good to go early in the day, when it's less crowded. That way, you'll have more opportunity to find a good spot. Pick a spot near the water but not so near you'll be overrun if the tide comes in. If the beach has chairs or umbrellas for rent, consider renting one to make life easier. Stick with like-minded beach goers. That is, if you're there to party and have fun with your friends, pick an area where people are being louder and playing music. If you prefer a quiet place to read, try to find a more secluded spot. If you're there with your family, look for other families to be near, so your kids can play together. Wear underwear that hugs your body. When you're trying on swimsuits, you need to keep your underwear on. However, you also need to make sure the suit fits properly. Therefore, make sure your underwear doesn't bunch, and pick something on the slimmer side to wear to the store. Pick what makes you comfortable. Many websites will tell you to pick swimsuit style that's flattering to your body type, but the truth is, you can find a suit that's flattering in any style. The important thing is that you feel comfortable and that you like the suit. For instance, you may not think you can get away with a two-piece because of your curves. If you don't feel comfortable showing as much skin, you could wear a tankini, which is basically a tank top with a bikini bottom, or a high-waisted bikini. Pick a fun pattern and rock that suit. For men, you also need to decide what you want out of your suit, such as how much skin you want to show. You could go for anything from full-length trunk shorts to swim briefs. Jump around. You don't literally need to jump, but you should move around as much as possible once you get the suit on. You want to make sure it stays on in all the right places because you'll certainly be moving a lot in the water. Try walking up and down outside the dressing room or doing a few jumping jacks in the suit to see how it wears. Make sure it doesn't move around. Don't forget the coverup. A coverup is just something you can slip on over your swimsuit to go from the beach to the car or to hang out on the beach in while you're not swimming. For men, it can be something as simple as a t-shirt. For women, it can be anything from a pair of shorts and a top to a breezy, cottony dress made for going over swimwear or a sarong. Take some time to shave. If you're wearing a revealing swimsuit and you're not a fan of body hair showing, you're going to need to spend some time shaving before you go to the beach. Take some time to shave your legs and any other areas that might need it, such your bikini line or armpits, before you go. If you're not comfortable shaving or waxing these areas yourself, let a professional do it. Set up an appointment to get a bikini wax done. If you're guy, you may want to shave your back or have someone do it for you. Make sure to check yourself out in the sunlight, as you're more likely to spot hairs in the sun. Exfoliate your skin. To make your skin shimmer, you may want to spend some time exfoliating. Exfoliating is just a way of removing dead skin so that you skin doesn't look ashy or rough. You have the option of using a chemical exfoliant or a physical exfoliant. A chemical exfoliant uses chemicals, generally acids, to break down the dead skin. A physical exfoliant uses small beads or crushed pieces of seed or shell in a solution to rub away the dead skin. You'll also find exfoliating gloves that fall in this category. Even a washcloth is a physical exfoliant. To use an exfoliant, hop in the shower first to get your skin damp. Rub the exfoliant in with your hand, a glove, or washcloth in gentle circles. Wash the exfoliant away when your done. If you're using an exfoliating glove or washcloth, simple put your normal soap on it, and use it to rub the soap into your skin in gentle circles. Be sure to focus on problem areas like knees, elbows, and feet. After you exfoliate, apply a good moisturizer to your skin. Skip foods that bloat. If you're looking for a flat stomach, try to avoid foods that cause you to bloat for a couple days before the beach. That way, your stomach won't be pooched out because of bloating. Skip cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli, cabbage, Brussels sprouts, and cauliflower. Also skip processed foods and carbonated beverages. Instead, try other healthy foods such avocados, eggs, nut butters, salmon, bananas, Greek yogurt, and lemons. 
Confirm the cause of cloudiness. Rub a drop of white vinegar onto the cloudy surface with your finger. If the cloudiness clears or moves around, you're dealing with a hard water film. Continue to the next step. If it stays cloudy, the glass is probably scratched. This is almost always permanent, but there are ways to prevent it from occurring. Do not skip this step. If you mistake scratched glass for hard water film, the treatments can make the scratches worse. Clean the cloudiness with white vinegar. Hard water films are caused by alkaline minerals in the water. A mild acid will neutralize these minerals and dissolve the film. Here's how to apply it: Rinse the glass in plain water. Traces of soap can react with vinegar and leave a greasy residue. Soak a sponge in vinegar and rub thoroughly over the cloudy area. Rinse in hot water. You can also use acetone or nail polish remover instead of vinegar. Soak the glass in vinegar. If the film is still there, give the vinegar more time to work: Wrap vinegar-soaked paper towels inside and outside the glass. (For large loads, submerge the glasses in vinegar instead.) Wait 15 minutes. Rinse in hot water. Try scrubbing the glasses with baking soda after you soak them with vinegar to clean them more. Run the dishwasher with a special supplement. If vinegar won't cut through the film, try this treatment instead. The heat of the dishwasher should help. Remove all metal objects, dishes with metallic paint, and dishes with delicate patterns. Add citric acid crystals or a film/spot remover instead of dishwasher detergent. (Check the product label for specific instructions.) Adjust your water heater setting to 140ºF (60ºC). If the dishwasher is hooked up to a sink supply, run the hot water until hot. Run the dishwasher as usual. Run a second rinse cycle with plain water if the product label directs you to. Prevent hard water films in the future. The hard water will continue leaving a film on your dishes. Take steps to prevent this: Try using more detergent. Fill both of the detergent dispensers if you need to. Test the hot water in your house with a thermometer. If it doesn't reach 140ºF (60ºC), raise the temperature of your hot water heater. Buy a "rinse aid" and add it to each load according to label instructions. This product helps the water roll off your dishes, carrying minerals and food away before the dishes dry. Install a water softener in your home for severe problems. This will also reduce hard water rings on sinks, bathtubs, and toilets. Remove the glasses from your dishwasher before the drying cycle starts since it could be damaging to them. Wash the glass by hand. If a food film survived the dishwasher, give it a thorough hand scrub. Use plenty of soap and hot water. Most likely, this film is a protein that has set onto the glass. Scrub again with dishwasher detergent. If necessary, try again with a spot of dishwasher detergent instead of dish soap. Wear rubber gloves to protect your hands from irritation. Rinse off protein-rich food in future. Eggs, meat, and dairy products are common, protein-rich foods. The high heat of the dishwasher can cause their proteins to set onto the dishes. To avoid this, rinse off most of the food residue before you load the dishwasher. If a deep or round glass often ends up with food film at the base, the dishwasher spray may not reach it. Wash these glasses by hand. Use a rinse aid. A "rinse aid" product added to your dishwashing cycle will help the water roll off your dishes instead of beading up. Try this if your dishwasher fails to remove all the food gunk. Accept that the damage is permanent. Sometimes, the cloudy "film" is actually many tiny scratches. This damage is permanent. There is no great way to hide this damage, either, so don't expect to restore it to full shine. Keep reading to give it your best shot, and prevent this happening to your other glasses. Do not continue until you have tried wiping off the haze with vinegar. These solutions can make hard water films worse. Polish away iridescent areas. If you notice a rainbow sheen to your glass, this is a related problem, called "silica film." Typically, the sheen is interrupted with white or solid-colored lines. Those lines are sites of irreversible damage, but you can scratch away the rainbow film. Add water to a bit of baking soda or toothpaste until it forms a paste. Rub gently onto the glass, then rinse. You can scrape it away with a knife or pin as well, but take care not to chip or scratch the glass. You can use commercial glass polish instead. Different brands of toothpaste have different levels of abrasiveness. Look up your brand's "radioactive dentin abrasiveness" (RDA) rating online. Ideally, find an RDA between 200 and 250. Prevent etching in your dishwasher. You can still save your undamaged glasses. Etching is typically caused by very soft water or very hot water. Make one or more of these changes: Let your sink run until its hottest point, then put a thermometer in a cup of water. If it's hotter than 140ºF (60ºC), lower your water heater settings. Use a no-heat dry cycle, if possible on your model. Do not pre-rinse dishes, unless necessary for your dishwasher. Use very little detergent, especially if pre-rinsing. (As little as ¼ full if your water is below three "grains" of hardness. ) Switch to a detergent designed for soft water. Hand-dry valuable glassware. If your glasses already have etching, coat the scratches with clear nail polish and let it sit for 1 hour. Wipe any excess nail polish off with a clean cloth dipped in nail polish remover. Avoid worn brushes. If your dish scrubbing brush is so worn that the plastic or metal head butts against the glass, throw it away. This could be causing the scratches. Etching is uncommon on hand-washed dishes if you are not physically scratching it. If you still have this problem with a new brush, try reducing water temperature and the amount of soap you use. 
Make a baking soda and bleach paste. If you want to remove stains that have developed over a season or so (for example, after leaves have been collecting on your concrete throughout the fall), mix up a standard concrete cleaner using three parts baking soda and two parts bleach. The consistency of the paste should be like pea soup – thin enough to pour on your concrete but thick enough that it won't just run off. Make a vinegar and baking soda paste. If you're looking for a more environmentally-safe cleaner, try mixing up vinegar and baking soda. The exact amounts of vinegar to baking soda don't matter as much as the consistency. It should have a paste-like consistency. Start by pouring some white distilled vinegar into a bucket or bowl and then slowly add baking soda. The mixture will foam up, so add the baking soda slowly so you it doesn't overflow. Give the bubbles some time to deflate so you can see what your consistency looks like before adding more baking soda. Make a vinegar and water solution. For smaller stained areas, you might want to try a vinegar, water, and salt solution that you can mix together in a spray bottle. This allows you to be more targeted in the application of the cleaner and prevents it from seeping to places you don't want it to go – like flower beds or the lawn. Use equal parts white distilled vinegar and warm water, then add a pinch or two of salt. Let this solution soak into your concrete for about twenty minutes. Clear the area to be cleaned. Sweep up any debris – leaves, twigs, etc – and move any outdoor furniture out of the way. Make sure that pets and kids can't get into the area, particularly if you're going to use bleach. Protect nearby greenery. Make sure to protect nearby plants. Hose them down to give them a protective covering of water (it will help any bleach or vinegar slide right off) or cover them with light plastic. You can also create barriers between the area you're cleaning and any grass by laying down rolled up towels or sheets at the edge of the grass. Hose it down. Using your garden hose or buckets of water, rinse down the area to be cleaned. You can also use a bucket of water and a mop if you're worried about the water draining properly. Apply the cleaner. Depending on the type of cleaner you're using, you'll want to spray, pour, or spread your cleaners over the area to be cleaned. Use gloves and a protective face mask for this step, especially if you're using bleach. You can let any of the mixtures soak for a few minutes or up to half an hour if you have particularly dark stains. If the stain persists after scrubbing, you may need to apply a second coating of cleaner. Wait 15 minutes before scrubbing again, and then hose it off. Scrub with a short scrub brush. Once your cleaner has had time to soak, scrub at the stains with a short scrub brush. This will loosen up any stubborn dirt or grime that isn't already lifted by the cleaner. Rinse off the cleaner. Once you're done scrubbing, use a hose, spray bottle, or bucket of water to rinse the area you cleaned. This might take a few rounds, depending on the size of the stains you cleaned and how much cleanser you had to use. You can let the area dry naturally, particularly if you're cleaning on a hot day. Make sure that you hose off any plants or planting beds that are around the concrete patio and may have been sprayed with cleaner. Use an enzymatic cleaner on pet stains. If you have stains from pets or other animals on your concrete, try an enzymatic cleaner like OxiClean. These types of cleaners target and help to break down protein in stains. You should apply these types of cleaners directly to the stain without diluting them with any liquid and then let them soak into the stain. However, it can take up to a few days for these types of cleaners to break down the stains on your concrete. Use an oil-based cleaner on non-washable crayon stains. Oil-based cleaners like Goo-Gone and WD-40 are great for stains made by non-washable crayons. Spread on the cleaner and let it soak before scrubbing at it with a short, stiff-bristled brush. Then rinse with water. Try laundry detergent on grease stains. If you have concrete stains made by grease, laundry detergent can help remove them. Make a paste of powdered laundry detergent and water for grease stains. Apply the paste to the stain, cover it tightly with plastic wrap (you can tape the edges to your concrete surface), and let it soak for 24 hours. Then scrub and rinse. Sprinkle kitty litter over oil stains. For oil stained concrete, cover the affected area with a clay kitty litter and grind it in with your feet while you're wearing old shoes. Let it sit for up to 24 hours and then sweep up the kitty litter and rinse it away. Use a degreasing agent for oil, grease, or hydrocarbon stains. Alkaline cleaners, which are also called degreasers, can help you remove stains caused by oil, grease, or hydrocarbons. These products will break down the stains. Apply the degreaser to the stain, then scrub it into the concrete. Allow it to sit for a few hours or as prescribed by the product instructions. Pat the spot with a utility rag to pull up the stain, then remove the excess with clean water. Reapply the degreaser as necessary. You can dilute the degreaser if the stain is fresh. Some stains may require multiple applications. You can purchase a concentrated degreaser online or from most home improvement stores. Alkaline products can also neutralize acids that have soaked into the concrete. Use bleach and laundry detergent to remove mildew. If you have plants on or near your concrete patio, the moisture they trap under their leaves can leave mildew stains. Mix 1 quart (slightly less than 1 L) of bleach with 3 quarts (slightly less than 3 L) of water. Add 1/3 cup (237 mL) of laundry detergent and mix the solution well. Apply the solution with a stiff-bristled brush and let it soak until the stain turns white. Be sure not to let it dry. You can also try moving your plants to another area of the patio, and letting the sun and air clear the mildew away naturally. Use vinegar to remove algae. If you have algae on your concrete, you can use undiluted distilled vinegar and a stiff-bristled brush to clear the stain. If you have a larger area affected by algae, you can also try filling a liquid fertilizer applicator with pool chlorine and spray it through a garden house. Use a pressure washer. If you don't want to scrub or apply a cleaner, you can use a pressure washer to clean most dirt and debris off of your concrete. Keep in mind that the pressure is very high, so avoid aiming at any plants, which will be destroyed by the force of the water. Choose a pressure washer with a rating of at lease 3,000 psi and a flow rate of at least 4 gallons per minute (gpm). This method will remove dirt and debris but not grease. 
Buy a merkin online or from well-stocked wig supply shop. The more realistic, natural-looking merkins are made from human hair hand-tied to skin-colored lace or netting. These can get quite expensive. If you are wearing a merkin as a gag, prank, or novelty, you might be interested in a fake-fur one instead. Some cosmetic salons may be able to apply a merkin for you. These merkins are made from fox fur, and are glued onto your skin. Trim the merkin, if necessary, using a sharp pair of scissors. Some merkins come "oversized" so that you can cut them down to the right size and shape for your body. Most of the lace-backed merkins are already made to fit, but the novelty fur ones can be cut into all sorts of weird shapes. Wax your pubic hair if you plan on wearing a merkin for more than 2 days. You can still wax your pubic hair, even if you plan on wearing the merkin for just one day. Waxing is recommended for those who wish to wear their merkins longer, because it lasts longer than a shave. Choose a full Brazilian wax, as opposed to a bikini wax or a “landing strip.” Shave your pubic hair if waxing is too painful, and you plan on wearing the merkin for only 1 or 2 days. Use a shaving gel or cream suitable for sensitive skin and a clean, sharp razor to get the closest shave possible. Because shaving does not last very long, it is not recommended for those who wish to wear their merkins for longer than 2 days. Wait several hours before attaching the merkin to give your skin time to heal. Whether you shave or wax your pubic area, you will need to wait a few hours before you can apply the merkin. Both of these procedures place a fair amount of stress on your skin, leaving it sensitive and tender. You will need to give the area time to recover. Once the inflammation is gone, you can start applying the merkin. Buy some spirit gum online or from a costume shop. If you cannot find any spirit gum, try another type of cosmetic adhesive meant for gluing on lace-front wigs, mustaches, and beards. For example, the Telesis 5 silicone matte lace adhesive is designed for use with skin and lace-backed cosmetic items. Try to get something high quality. It may be more expensive, but a cheaper product may irritate your skin. If you have not used spirit gum before, or have sensitive skin, consider doing a patch test on your inner elbow or wrist to see whether or nor you are allergic to the spirit gum. If you are allergic, consider using wig tape instead. Stand in front of a mirror, naked, and figure out where to place the merkin. Place the merkin in your genital area to approximate its proper placement. Draw a guideline with an eyeliner if you do not feel you will be able to apply the glue in the right area. Once you apply the spirit gum, it will be tricky to remove it. Apply the glue to the back, perimeter of the merkin and wait about 20 seconds for it to get tacky. Flip the merkin over so that the mesh side is facing you. Twist the cap off the spirit gum, and use the brush to trace the perimeter of the merkin. Most bottles of spirit gum will have a brush attached to the cap, like nail polish. If yours did not come with a brush, use popsicle stick or a clean brush with short, stiff bristles instead. Place the merkin, glue side down, onto your skin. Position it just above the pubic mound, where the majority of your pubic hair would be. If you need to make any adjustments, do so now. Smooth the merkin down onto your skin, and hold it in place until the spirit gum sets. Start smoothing the merkin from the center and move to the edges. Don't worry if the merkin starts to slip; it's simply because the spirit gum has not finished setting. Simply hold the merkin in place until it stays still. It should only take a few seconds for it to finish setting. Wear your merkin, and wash your body as usual if you want to wear for 3 to 4 days. Avoid scrubbing the merkin itself. Spirit gum is typically waterproof and can last a few showers. Remember, this is not a permanent accessory, so you will need to remove it after day or two. Do not wear it for more than 3 to 4 days. Merkins are reusable. If you'd like to wear your merkin more often, take it off, clean it, and reapply it using the same method listed above. You can also secure it using some wig tape instead. Find some spirit gum remover. If you cannot find any, try baby oil or olive oil. Some sources will recommend rubbing alcohol, but this is not a product you'd want close to such a sensitive area. If you must, use some facial toner for sensitive skin instead. Dip a q-tip in the spirit gum remover, and make sure that the cotton part is saturated. You do not want to rip the merkin right off. Spirit gum is very strong, and you could damage your skin this way. You might also end up ripping the merkin itself if it is lace-backed. Be sure to have several q-tips handy. Wiggle the q-tip under a corner of the merkin. The spirit gum remover will get under the merkin and start dissolving the spirit gum. Once you have the q-tip under the merkin, run it around the edges. Keep doing this until you can peel the merkin away completely. Do not try to forcibly pull or rip the merkin from your skin. Allow the remover to dissolve the spirit gum. Gently lift the merkin away and set it aside. If you feel any resistance, get out a q-tip, soak it with some spirit gum remover, and run it around the area where you feel resistance. Clean your skin using spirit gum remover, then follow up with soap and water. Wipe the area down first using some cotton balls soaked with spirit gum remover. Next, wash the area using some soap and water. Pat yourself dry. Some people recommend applying moisturizer or baby oil to the area to keep the skin soft. Clean the merkin using more spirit gum remover. Dampen an soft-bristled brush (such as an old tooth brush_ with spirit gum remover. Gently scrub the back of the merkin where the spirit gum is. If the spirit gum is not coming off, try using some 90% rubbing alcohol instead. Keep doing this until the spirit gum residue is gone. Once it is gone, gently pat the merkin dry. Spirit gum remover can leave behind an oily residue. If this happens, simply wipe it off using a soft cloth soaked with rubbing alcohol. 
Plan what to say. If you want to confront the person and tell him or her that you don't want to hang out anymore, you should plan what you say carefully. If you have a random outburst or don't choose your words wisely, the person may not think that you're being serious or that you really thought it through. You're going to tell that person that you don't want to hang out with him anymore, so you can think of the best way to explain why. If the person is just really annoying and you don't have the heart to say it, just say that you're not enjoying the friendship, that the friendship is harmful for you, or that you'd just like to spend some time apart from the person — permanently. If there's a more concrete reason, like the person makes you feel bad about yourself, the person always talks about himself and doesn't listen to anyone, or the person is even outright mean to you, then you can tell the person this. If you don't want to be honest, that's fine too, if you think it'll just cause major conflict. Tell the person you don't have time for friends, that you're going through a hard time and want to be alone, or that you just want to focus on your studies. Tell the person that you're ending the friendship. Pick a time and place where you can be relatively alone, and say what you have to say. Stand a bit far away from the person and cross your arms over your chest, showing that you're already retreating. Don't give the person an opening to try to win you over, promise to change, or even try to touch or hug you. Keep it short. Don't give the person a lot of time to react. Maintain eye contact. Show the person that you really mean it. Find the person another friend. If you want to be nice after confronting the person, you can steer the person toward a club, activity, or new location that can help the person make some new friends. This can not only be better for the person, but better for you. But you should only do this if you're feeling a bit sorry for kicking the person out of your life. If the person finds new friends, he'll forget about you in no time at all. Follow through. If you've decided to cut off contact with that person for good (after potentially steering him in a new direction), then make the decision final. Don't let the person grovel, randomly show up, or follow you into a coffee shop and force you to have coffee. No means no, no matter what. If the person continues to bug you, you shouldn't sound threatening, but be confident and decisive about your decision. Ignore the person's phone calls. No matter how often the person calls or texts you, don't respond, not even the calls or texts sound desperate. If the person follows you around, make it obvious that you respond to your calls and texts and are purposefully ignoring that person. If he says, "Did you get my call?" you should look vacant and confused, like you don't know what he's talking about. This might help drive the point home. Ignore the person on social media. No matter how often the person posts on your Facebook wall, comments on your photos, or retweets something you've written, do not acknowledge him. If the he commented on one of your statuses along with a lot of other people, you should "like" the comments of all of the other people but not his comments. Make it clear that you want nothing to do with that person — whether it's online or in person. Avoid places the person goes. If you know that the girl you're trying to avoid always hangs out at a certain coffee shop, always goes to a certain friend's party, or always goes to the movies on Friday nights, avoid those places. If you don't go where the person goes, you'll be less likely to run into that person. But if the person is always around you, this won't help you too much. Change your routine. Stop going to the same lunch spot, the same diner, or the same bar or club. If the person you're trying to avoid knows exactly where to find you, it'll be hard to get rid of him or her. Though you shouldn't change your life completely to avoid this person, making some changes to your daily routine can help improve your life and get the person out of it. If the person always sits near you at lunch, try moving all of your friends to a different lunch table far away from your usual spot, so the person has a hard time finding you. If you and your friends always go to the same place for dinner on Friday nights, pick a place across town and don't mention the change to the person. If the person always follows you around the halls, change your routine for getting to class. Find some new friends. If your friends really do like that person or are too nice to be honest with that person, then you may have to find a new friend or even an entirely new group of friends. The person will be less likely to bother you if you're hanging out with all new people, and if you have new friends, it's likely you'll be hanging out at new places and the person will be less likely to find you or follow you around. Cry — a lot. You should cry or just be visibly upset most of the time when you're around that person. Talk about how you're having an emotional breakdown and how everything in the world is so sad and unfair and how you just can't stop crying and being so, so sad. At first, the person may feel honored to be allowed to help you, but if you keep this up for a few weeks, he may walk away on his own. Talk about how great you are. Everyone loves a good narcissist. Spend all of your time talking about how hot you are, how many people love you, and how you're going to be rich and famous so, so soon. Look in the mirror constantly, reapply your makeup, mention how stunning you look all the time, and just spin around talking about how you're wearing the best outfit ever. Use the words "me" and "I" as often as possible, and cut the person off any time he mentions himself. When the person talks about himself, just look confused, like you can't possibly understand what it has to do with you. Be a flake. Flakes are the best kind of people. Make elaborate plans to meet up with that person, assuring him that you won't flake again. When the time comes, don't show up, and don't answer calls from that person. The next day, you can say, "I completely forgot!" You can also give a really bad excuse, like, "I had to wash my hair!" or "I just couldn't stop watching Hoarders!" This should make the person avoid you in no time at all. 
Complete a college education for the greatest range of opportunities. For aspiring Montessori teachers, a college education is a very smart idea. Though not every single Montessori-related job will require a college education, many states in the U.S. (and many countries outside the U.S.) have this as a requirement for Montessori teachers. In addition, the lack of a college degree may, in certain situations, qualify you only to become certified only for assistant-level positions. For these reasons, a college degree can greatly expand the range of Montessori opportunities available to you. Luckily, Montessori teachers-in-training usually aren't required to have majored in education or a related field in college. Many successful Montessori teachers originally studied in fields as diverse as law, engineering, or the humanities. Pick an accredited training center. Montessori certification training is a serious investment — though it will give you valuable skills and credentials, it can cost thousands of dollars and require a year or more to complete. Because of this, it's very, very important to be sure that the training center you enroll at is fully accredited by a recognized Montessori accreditation agency. Most legitimate training centers will be more than happy to disclose their accreditation status with you. If the training center you're thinking of enrolling in lacks the proper credentials, do not enroll — this can be a huge waste of your time and money. Luckily, Association Montessori Internationale (AMI), the global Montessori association, has a directory of certified training centers available on its website. In addition, The Montessori Foundation has a more extensive list of training locations. Additionally, the American Montessori Society offers a free online training center locator. Note that, in the United States, accreditation from the Montessori Accreditation Council for Teacher Education (MACTE) is generally seen as the definitive sign of a training program's legitimacy. Choose an area of certification. Contrary to popular belief, Montessori isn't just a style of teaching for preschool-aged children. In fact, it's a versatile teaching method that's used for children up to (and, in rare instances, through) their teenage years. While the foundational principles of Montessori teaching are the same for all Montessori classrooms, the techniques and skills used to teach different ages of children can vary substantially, so, in general, most people who want to become a Montessori teacher need to specialize in one or more educational age ranges. The most commonly-offered areas of certification are: Infant & Toddler: (0 - 3 years) Early Childhood: (2.5 - 6 years) Elementary I (6 - 9 years) Elementary II (9 - 12 years) Elementary I & II (6 - 12 years) Montessori administration Note that some special programs offer skills for teaching children up to age 18. Enroll in a training program. When you've located a fully accredited training center near you, you'll want to enroll in the next available training session. The precise start and end dates of your training period will vary based on your training agency — for instance some courses run year-round, while others take place over one, two, or more summers. Pick a training schedule that accommodates your goals and needs. Montessori training programs vary in price, but, in general, you should expect to spend at least several thousand dollars. For instance, some relatively low-cost Infant/Toddler training programs run at about $2,000 in total. Complete your coursework. Though training programs can vary, in general, people training to become Montessori teachers attend classroom lectures, complete written coursework, and practice hands-on training. The mixture of abstract and practical work offered by most Montessori programs is designed to produce a graduate who is comfortable and experienced working in a Montessori classroom setting and who understands the principles of Montessori teaching well enough to adapt to any situation. In general, Montessori teachers-in-training should expect to: Complete approximately 1,200 hours of instruction in total. Demonstrate an ability to create Montessori teaching materials for all subjects. Participate in approximately 90 hours of classroom observations and supervised teaching. Complete an on-site teaching practicum. Find a Montessori classroom near you. Congratulations! You've completed your Montessori training and you're now fully certified to lead a Montessori classroom. Many Montessori teachers get their first job from connections they make during their on-site training and practicum. However, if you don't, this is OK — except in some cases (like for certifications earned through distance learning), Montessori credentials are transferable, marketable skills. Generally, people who have just received their Montessori credentials will want to apply for jobs at local schools with open positions for teaching children of the age range(s) for which they are certified to teach. While you can simply contact local schools directly to check for job openings, an even easier way to find open positions is to use an online Montessori job finder! For instance, the American Montessori Society's online job search utility allows you to quickly find Montessori openings in your local area. Apply for multiple positions. As you would do when searching for any other job, you'll generally want to apply for multiple positions when you're looking to become a Montessori teacher. In some situations, you may be in competition with other Montessori teachers for the opening, and since you've presumably just become certified, you may have less teaching experience than some of the other candidates, so applying to a range of positions gives you the best possible chance of eventually getting a job. Note that, in the U.S., public schools generally pay their teachers higher salaries than private schools. However, for some teachers, private schools offer a freer, easier teaching environment with none of the bureaucracy of the public school system. Demonstrate your commitment to Montessori values. As with most other jobs, prospective Montessori teachers generally go through an interview/vetting process before being hired. You may be required to provide a resume, proof of your certification, and/or personal references (for these, the teachers with whom you completed your practicum are great choices). As you're being considered for the job, you'll want to show your potential employer that you fully understand the principles of Montessori teaching and that you're able to put them in to action in a classroom setting. Below are just a few things you may want to be prepared to talk about: The main principles of Montessori education (see section below) Your plan for organizing your classroom and coursework Unique teaching materials and opportunities you developed during your practicum Instances when you worked to help a slow-learning child progress during your practicum Your commitment to your students, the public, and your profession (a teacher's three main commitments in the Montessori code of ethics) Be negotiable in terms of your job opportunities. As a first-time teacher, it's a possibility that you won't get your ideal teaching position immediately. This is OK — like any other job, the profession of teaching values experience and seniority. As you teach in positions that may not necessarily be ideal to you, you'll gain valuable skills and experience that, in addition to making you a better teacher, will also make you a more attractive job candidate in the future. Stick with it — when it comes to getting your preferred jobs, more experience is always a good thing. Give your children freedom. Unlike traditional classrooms, Montessori classrooms are largely student-led. In other words, students have a great deal of freedom in choosing when and how they complete their assignments (and, in some cases, even which assignments they complete). This principle is fundamental to the Montessori style of teaching. Children who lead their own educational experience learn independence and are more motivated to learn because of the freedoms they're given. For instance, in Montessori classroom, it's not uncommon for the teacher to act as a "guide", rather than an instructor. She guides the children to their hands-on activities (and sits down and helps them if needed), but she allows them to interact freely with their environment. She doesn't force them to sit in rows of desks and complete assignments according to rigid rules. Allow your children to learn by doing. Montessori classrooms are much more hands-on than traditional classrooms. While some Montessori coursework may involve writing, spelling, drawing, and other activities that are done at a desk or table with pencil and paper, Montessori teachers look for opportunities for students to learn by manipulating hands-on objects like blocks, beads, and specially-designed Montessori teaching materials. Montessori educators understand that children (especially young children) don't learn best by sitting and listening to lectures — they learn by teaching themselves and each others as they interact with their environment. For example, while a traditional classroom may teach the concept of addition by rote math drills, Montessori classrooms may use hands-on materials like abacus-style "grids" of sliding beads to teach the same concept. Allow free movement in the classroom. In Montessori classrooms, children are largely free to come and go as they please. While there may be some periods of quiet, organized instruction, most of the time, children are allowed to move throughout the classroom from activity to activity. The classroom is designed to be accessible to the children — for instance, in a Montessori preschool classroom, teaching materials will usually be arranged on low, open shelves and the chairs, tables and work stations will all be appropriately sized for young children. Give children uninterrupted learning opportunities. While Montessori teachers are always available to offer their help to children who need them, often, they make an effort to step back and monitor the children as they learn, stepping in only as needed. Montessori teachers give their students opportunities to interact with their educational materials and each other with a minimum of interruption for hours at a time. This approach allows children to learn at their own pace without the interference of a rigidly structured schedule, which, for many children, can present unnecessary barriers to learning. For example, in a Montessori classroom, the teacher may instruct her children that, by the end of the day, they need to complete and turn in three specific educational tasks. During the day, the teacher will walk through the classroom, interacting with the children, monitoring their behavior, and offering help to those who need it, but she won't assign specific time deadlines for them to complete their various tasks. Encourage mixed-age interactions. One important hallmark of Montessori education is that classrooms can include children of varying ages. With this approach, the older, more experienced children are encouraged to teach the younger ones, which benefits both students — the young children receive instruction from their peers and the older children demonstrate mastery of the coursework by teaching it themselves. In addition, children taught in a mixed-age environment gradually become more patient and comfortable interacting with others of varying learning ability. 
Purchase from a reputable seller. Look for clean facilities with healthy-looking animals and readily available documentation regarding the breeds of turtles offered. Well-established pet stores are usually safe choices, although the selection of species they offer may be limited. Private sellers and breeders are another option, but should be dealt with more cautiously. The illegal sale of wild turtles is surprisingly common. Sellers who are reluctant to provide information about their turtles' breeding should be avoided. Buy only captive-bred turtles. The sale and purchase of some species of wild turtles is illegal. Furthermore, wild-caught turtles are more likely to be unhealthy in captivity, and removing turtles from their natural habitat can harm wild turtle populations. If you are purchasing a turtle from a private breeder, be sure to ask for verification that the turtle has been bred in captivity. If they can't provide you with verification, assume that the turtle is not suitable for purchase as a pet. Choose a species carefully. While it may be tempting to select a turtle based on their appearance, you should pay much more attention to the care requirements (especially the temperature and food requirements) of each species. For instance, if a turtle is native to a climate much hotter or cooler than the one in which you live, you may have a hard time maintaining the proper temperature for it to thrive. Another important consideration is the adult size of each turtle species. Some species grow to a larger size than others, and you may end up with a turtle who eventually outgrows the habitat you prepare for it. Ask the seller for assistance and recommendations, but be sure to verify the information with credible independent sources. Misconceptions are common, even among pet dealers. Choose a healthy turtle. When choosing a turtle, ensure that it has clear eyes and is responsive and reasonably active. A turtle that has swollen or cloudy eyes, or shows signs of a runny nose is probably sick. Unless it is of a soft-shell species, it should have a firm shell (though cracks and pits are not necessarily a sign that anything is wrong). A turtle that appears to be gasping through its mouth, or makes a wheezing sound when it breathes, is probably sick. Identify the turtle's sex. Especially if you are considering owning multiple turtles some day, it is important to be able to identify your turtle's sex. Otherwise, you may end up with unexpected babies. Here are some clues to look for: A male turtle typically has a slightly concave underside, while a female turtle's underside is usually flat or slightly bulging. In many species, an adult female will be larger than a male. In some species, such as red-eared or painted turtles, males will have slightly longer fingernails than females. The sex of a turtle can be hard to identify. The seller may be able to help you. Start with just one turtle. If you purchase more than one turtle at first, you may find yourself overwhelmed and unable to properly care for all of them. Once you are comfortable caring for your turtle, you can consider purchasing more.  Multiple turtles kept in the same tank may not get along. They may become aggressive to each other, requiring them to be separated. Keep in mind also that two turtles will require double the space and water filtration. If you do decide to keep multiple turtles in the same tank, ensure that they are roughly the same size. A larger turtle can hurt a smaller one if it becomes aggressive. Research the specific needs of your turtle species. Most turtle species require specific temperature, light and water conditions to be healthy. There is no one-size-fits-all approach for caring for turtles. Consult a reputable book or website (such as http://allturtles.com/turtle-species/ ) to determine the specific needs of your chosen turtle species. Prepare a big enough habitat. Glass aquariums are the most popular choice for turtle habitats. As a general rule, you should provide a tank with a capacity of 10 gallons (37.9 L) for every inch of the turtle's shell. Be careful to use the measurement for a fully grown adult turtle of the species you select, rather than the measurement of the turtle at the time of purchase. Turtles can and will outgrow their habitat if it isn't large enough. Select the right foods for your turtle. Turtles require daily feeding. Don't assume that a particular food is suitable for consumption by your turtle unless you have specifically verified it. The diet of your turtle will depend on its species, but common turtle diets include:  Fresh fruits and vegetables Live feed, such as crickets and mice Turtle feed Freeze-dried shrimp Provide adequate UVA and UVB lighting. Turtles are cold blooded, requiring energy from the sun to function. To simulate the natural light your turtle requires to be happy and healthy, you will need to provide two sources of lighting: a UV-A basking bulb and a UV-B flourescent bulb. Both of these light sources must be on and available to the turtle all day, although you may turn them off at night. Be sure to select bulbs which explicitly provide UV-A and UV-B light. Many generic basking lamps are insufficient for reptile care. Your UV-A bulb should be positioned over a region of dry terrain in your turtle habitat, so that the turtle can bask in it outside of water. You should use a ground fault circuit interrupter, a device used to prevent electrocution, to connect your lamps to the electrical outlet. This will ensure that if a lamp falls into the habitat's water it will not electrocute your turtle. Ensure that your turtle has access to enough water. All turtles, even those dwelling mostly on land, require access to a substantial volume of fresh, clean water to drink and swim in. The amount of water required will vary, depending on the species you choose. On the other hand, even predominately aquatic turtles require dry ground to roam around and bask on, such as a turtle dock. Be sure that your habitat accommodates both needs. Install a filtration system. Because turtles excrete waste in the water in which they swim, you will need to install a filtration system and pump for aquatic turtles, just as you would with a pet fish. Because turtles can be quite messy, you should choose a system rated for an aquarium twice the volume of the habitat you've selected. Provide hiding places. Your turtle may sometimes wish to hide itself from light, and breaking up the space inside your habitat will make it more interesting for your pet.  Use rocks, pieces of wood, or aquarium decorations to provide a varied environment for your turtle. Determine whether your turtle should hibernate. Many varieties of turtles naturally enter a dormant state, called hibernation, during the coldest months of the year, while others do not. If your species hibernates, you may need to prepare a suitable environment for it to do so. Research the variety of turtle you have. Non-tropical turtles hibernate in the wild. However, many common pet species do not actually need to. If in doubt about your turtle's hibernation needs, contact your veterinarian or local turtle club. If you do allow your turtle to hibernate, the details of the environment it needs will vary depending on the species. You should thoroughly investigate your turtle's hibernation requirements before starting this process. Generally, hibernating turtles require a cool, isolated and stable environment for between 2 and 4 months of the year. Many find it convenient to allow their turtle to hibernate in a refrigerator, or other cool, dry location. Don't allow your turtle to roam outside. When non-native turtle species are allowed to enter the natural environment, they can disrupt or even destroy native turtle populations. Releasing your turtle into the wild is therefore irresponsible and dangerous. If you decide that you can no longer care for your pet turtle, contact your local animal shelter or humane society to donate it for adoption, or return it to its original seller. Think about the care requirements for a turtle. Despite the popular perception that turtles are easy to care for, they in fact require specialized, daily care to survive and thrive. Your turtle may live 25 years or longer, depending on the species, so you should be prepared for a long-term commitment. Many turtles require live food, such as mice or insects, to thrive. If you are uncomfortable feeding your turtle live animals, you may wish to reconsider your choice. Consider the space and cost requirements. A small aquarium or plastic habitat will not be sufficient for most turtles. Due to their specialized needs, setting up a proper environment for a turtle is likely to cost you between $500 and $1200, depending on the species. You will also need to provide adequate clean water (and space) for them to swim in, as well as enough dry ground for them to roam about and bask on. Specialized lighting and water filtration equipment will also be a requirement. Look into the health risks of owning a turtle. Turtles can carry salmonella, a bacteria which can cause infection and illness, especially in children and elderly people. This is a serious health concern, and if any at-risk individuals are present in your home you should strongly reconsider purchasing a turtle.  Remember that you do not need to touch a turtle to contract salmonella from it. Mere proximity to the turtle may be enough to risk infection. Recognize normal turtle behavior. Turtles are shy, quiet animals. They will withdraw into their shells if startled and may remain like this for some time. They can, however, learn to recognize their owners and will often swim to the surface or near the glass when you enter the room. Turtles will also learn when it is feeding time, and may become especially active at the appointed hour. Turtles are not social creatures. They will not display affectionate or playful behavior. It is normal for them to sit still a lot. If you are looking for an active, affectionate pet, turtles may not be for you. 
Listen to mainstream albums by Pink Floyd and Genesis first. The best introduction to prog rock is through the most popular bands. Start with “The Dark Side of the Moon” by Pink Floyd, which is easily accessible and contains a lot of popular songs. Then, move onto “Selling England by the Pound” by Genesis, which is one of their most popular albums. If you're more interested in live music, there are plenty of Genesis and Pink Floyd cover bands that you can see in person. This is a great way to introduce yourself to the music at a live show, rather than just by listening at home. Appreciate the “golden era” of prog rock artists, like King Crimson and Yes. Pick up King Crimson's “In The Court Of The Crimson King” to listen to one of the most masterful and critically acclaimed works of progressive rock. Once you've listened to that, try listening to “Close to the Edge” by Yes, which is a more emotional style of prog rock. If you like these albums, you can branch out into more albums by these bands. Each band has around 20 studio-length albums for the prog rock enthusiast to appreciate. Enjoy early progressive rock, such as the Beatles and Jethro Tull. To understand the beginning of the prog movement, listen to the Beatles' “Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,” which is often considered the first real progressive rock album. Then, listen to Jethro Tull's “Aqualung” to hear a sampling of symphonic music blended with rock instruments. If you enjoy the Beatles album, you can also watch the movie, which has the same title as the album, by looking it up online or purchasing it in DVD form. This provides a visual depiction for all of the songs and can help you to understand the narrative of the music. Sample punk and pub rock music to understand the decline of prog rock. Progressive rock experienced a steep decline in the late 1970s due to the emergence of punk rock, which captured the attention of prog's fanbase. Listen to songs by The Ramones and The Sex Pistols to understand the similarities and differences between the genres. You might find that these bands frequently make music about topics covered by prog rock bands. The two genres are very similar, but the punk movement ultimately brought about the end of the golden era of prog. Join online music forums to discuss progressive rock with fellow listeners. Most online forums have a large discussion boards for a variety of different bands. Post your opinions and reviews of various albums, and ask others for recommendations for new bands and albums that you can listen to. Don't be afraid to jump in on discussions and share your viewpoints about the various albums! Remember, music is a form of art that is meant to be analyzed and criticized, but it's okay to have different opinions. If someone on the forum doesn't agree with you, be respectful of their viewpoint. If you're looking for online forums, try websites like ProgressiveEars, ClassicRockForums, and ProgForums. Subscribe to music magazines for updates on the genre and emerging music. Invest in a subscription to Prog or Rolling Stone since both frequently interview members of progressive rock bands. Read online magazines, like Ultimate Classic Rock, for reviews and opinion articles about the genre from avid listeners. Some magazines might also announce reunion tours or new albums from bands that have previously broken up. Keep an eye out for this information in print magazines and online. Listen to music from “spinoff” genres that are inspired by progressive rock. Prog rock had a short but influential run in the music industry. If you listen to albums on a music subscription service, visit the artist page and scroll to the bottom for “similar artists” recommendations. Don't be afraid to branch into new genres, like folk or punk, to better understand prog. Find prog rock playlists on streaming services. For an easy way to introduce yourself to new progressive rock music, search for "progressive rock playlists" on a streaming service like Spotify, Apple Music, or Pandora. Listen to a sampling of songs from different eras, and be sure to add the songs that you like to your library. Sometimes, you can add entire playlists to your library, which will allow you to listen to the songs even when you're not connected to the internet. This is a great way to expose yourself to a variety of different types of prog rock from many sub-genres. Listen to entire albums to get a better understanding of the musical theme. Progressive rock albums are normally arranged purposefully to take the listener on a journey. Make time to sit down and listen to the album all the way through, which may take up to an hour for longer albums. Try not to skip any tracks, and pay attention to the musical changes throughout the songs. If you don't have a lot of free time, try listening to full albums while you drive in the car or do other activities. Listening to prog rock as background music is a great way to introduce yourself to the genre. Pay close attention to the lyrics to discern the “plot” of the songs. Some progressive rock albums, like Genesis' “The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway,” Camel's “The Snow Goose,” and The Moody Blues' “Days Of Future Passed,” tell complete stories from the first track to the last. As you listen, close your eyes and pay attention to the singer's words to hear the plot of the story. Although not all progressive rock albums tell a complete story, most individual songs will tell their own mini-story. Find instrumental versions of songs to appreciate the artists' musical skills. Spend some time listening to the music without paying attention to the lyrics or listening to versions without singing in them. Focus on one instrument at a time, or listen to them altogether as a whole unit. Listen closely for difficult guitar riffs, complex drum solos, and impressive vocal feats. Albums like Genesis' “Selling England By The Pound,” Yes's “Close To The Edge,” and Pink Floyd's “Dark Side Of The Moon” are considered landmarks in recorded music because of the amazing skills that were required to make them. Give albums a second listen to hear new aspects of the music. Once you've listened to an album all the way through, take a small break and then listen to it again. During your second listen, focus on hearing new facets of the music that you didn't pay attention to the first time. Clarify any lyrics that you're not sure of, and enjoy some of you favorite parts from your first listen. If you're not sure what to listen for, read some online reviews of the album and pay attention to the parts that the reviewer points out. Normally, these will be especially complex musical portions or important lyrics. Ask friends and other music lovers for recommendations. Talking about music is one of the best ways to really appreciate it, and this is especially true for prog rock. If you know someone who likes the genre, you can tell them a little about what albums you like, and ask them if they have any albums or bands in mind that you might enjoy. Once you and your friend have listened to the same albums, you can discuss your favorite tracks, your opinions of the album overall, and your thoughts about how the album fits into the genre. 
Speak in a calming voice. Your dog might feel anxious and vulnerable when they are sick. They will look to you for reassurance that they will be okay and that you'll take care of them. Speak to them in a gentle and calm voice to help relax them. Tell them that you love and care about them. Even though they can't understand the words, they'll understand your tone. Stay calm. Your attitude around your pet can affect how they're feeling. When you're anxious, stressed, panicked, or scared, your dog will notice. Think of yourself as your dog's superhero. You're in charge and your actions and attitude set the stage for how your dog will feel. Spending quality time with your dog will make them feel secure and loved. Avoid unfamiliar people and places. Even with well socialized dogs, sick pets prefer to be surrounded by things and people they are familiar with when they're healing. Try to keep your dog at home during the entire healing process to keep them more comfortable. Avoid having visitors over to your home to keep your pet calm. Be affectionate with your pet. Since they are feeling ill, they need to be comforted. Physical affection through gentle pats and pets, hugs, and stroking can all be comforting for your pet. Be extra careful if your dog has any incision sites from surgery when you are petting them. You can give them a gentle dog massage by focusing on pressure points on their ears, feet, and the top of their head. Soothe their anxiety. Some dogs become anxious when they are ill. Reassure them that this is not their fault, and do not punish them if they have an accident or vomit. Soft music can help soothe anxious dogs; some dogs may even like to hear you hum softly while you pet them. Keep your home quiet and let your dog rest. Some anxious dogs enjoy having snug clothing on them. The gentle pressure helps them to relax and feel more calm. You can wrap your dog in a blanket, or a snug t-shirt. Keep them hydrated. A sick dog can become dehydrated in just a few hours, especially if they are vomiting or suffering from diarrhea. They aren't able to retain water like they normally do, so they need consistent access to water. Offer them water that is cool and fresh. Remember that they will need to be taken outside to relieve themselves more frequently when they drink more water. Some sick dogs may not want to drink water. In this case, you can either use a wet cloth to dampen their gums every hour, or give them ice cubes to lick. This way, your dog still gets some hydration. Slowly reintroduce food. Often times, dogs who aren't feeling well will chose to fast for a day or two. This may occur if your dog has been under anesthesia for surgery, has a fever, or they have vomited. Your sick dog still needs nutrition although they may not always feel up for eating. Rather than feed them their normal food, you can feed them other foods that are easy to digest. When they are ready, feed them small meals frequently. Take their normal size portion and divide into smaller portions so they can eat every two or three hours. It is a good idea to keep a log of what and how frequently your dog eats. This way, if they don't seem to be getting better you can share this log with the vet. Feed them foods that are low in fat and easy to digest like rice, boiled potatoes, and skinless boiled chicken. Do not season or salt the food. If your dog has vomited, don't feed them anything for 12 to 24 hours. Their stomachs need time to rest and recuperate before they try to eat again. After the twelve hours, try giving them a small amount of food, around 2 to 3 teaspoons. Wait for 30 to 60 minutes to make sure they do not vomit again. If they are able to hold the food down, you can give them a little more food every 1 to 2 hours. Reintroduce their dog food. If your dog has responded well to the bland food and hasn't vomited again and seems to be feeling better, you can start to reintroduce their dog food into their diet. On the first day, start with a 50/50 mix of bland food and their dog food. When they are able to keep their dog food down in a 50/50 mix, you can begin to feed your dog their food without any of the bland food. Depending on their condition, the vet might recommend a special diet. Follow your veterinarian's instructions and monitor your dog closely. Make a comfortable sleeping area. Sick dogs need a lot of rest and a comfortable area to sleep in. Your dog needs a clean, comfortable, quiet, and dimly lit place to rest in. If they do not have a padded bed, add blankets to make their beds more comfortable. If your dog is suffering from incontinence due to their illness, you can lay down a puppy pad. This way, the dog won't have to lay in their mess if they happen to vomit or urinate during the night. Keep your dog clean. Your sick dog might soil themselves with urine, feces, or vomit when they are sick. This will make them uncomfortable and it isn't good for their skin. Give them a gentle bath to help make them more comfortable and to keep them clean. Take a clean cotton cloth and soak it in warm clean water. Gently wash the dog's fur and soiled areas. Continue to soak the cloth and rinse until the area is clean. Care for a terminally ill pet. Unfortunately, your dog may not be getting better. Terminally ill pets should be kept as comfortable as possible during this time. You'll need to manage their symptoms as prescribed by their veterinarian and keep a close eye on them. One of the most important symptoms to manage during this time is pain. Your veterinarian may prescribe pain medication for your pet. If so, administer their medication consistently to keep them comfortable and pain free. There will come a time where your terminally ill pet dog may need to be euthanized. This is a humane option to end their suffering and your veterinarian may be able to euthanize your pet in the comfort of your home, rather than in the vet's office. Take your dog to the veterinarian. Once you notice that your dog is sick, you should take them to the veterinarian so the vet can diagnose your dog's condition. You should take note of your dog's symptoms and be as specific as possible so you can let the vet know what has been going on. Your veterinarian will likely give you recommendations on how to treat and manage your dog's symptoms. Write these down and use them to care for your dog. Administer medicine, if prescribed. Your sick dog may have been prescribed a medicine by their veterinarian to treat either their condition or their symptoms. Make sure to follow the veterinarian's recommendations for dosing. Never give your dog any medication that has not been prescribed by their veterinarian. You should never give them any people medicine either, unless it has been okayed by your vet. Some dogs may not want to take pills; you can try to hide the pill in a small teaspoon of peanut butter or wrap it in a small piece of bread. Check for signs of dehydration. Dehydration is a serious condition that can occur when your dog is losing more fluid than they're taking in. If your dog is showing signs of dehydration, you can give them an electrolyte drink mixed with water every few hours. You can find drink mixes that are specially formulated for dogs at pet stores, though mixes like Pedialyte can work in a pinch. Early signs of dehydration include: Dry mouth, gums, or nose Lack of skin elasticity (if you gently pinch a small section of their skin it should immediately go back into place) Visible fatigue Drunk or sunken eyes Cool them down. Dogs can suffer from fevers and become overheated. Sick dogs aren't able to regulate their body temperature as efficiently as they normally are, so they need your help to cool down. If your dog is experiencing these, you'll need to keep your dog cool and dry. Keep your dog in an air-conditioned area or under a fan. Cool water and ice cubes will also help your dog cool down. Or, keep them warm. Alternatively, you may need to keep your dog warm. Often, sick dogs will shiver or shake from the cold. Keep your dog indoors in a heated area. When you do take them outside so they can relieve themselves, dress them warmly and use dog boots to protect their paws. You can wrap them in a warm blanket or use a hot water bottle. Make sure the hot water bottle is wrapped in a towel so it won't burn your pet. Calm an upset stomach. An upset stomach is one of the more common symptoms a dog can have when they're sick. Your dog may be vomiting, avoid eating or have a poor appetite, or try to eat grass to calm their stomach. Dogs eat grass to cleanse their systems as a natural way to cure their upset stomachs. However, this won't always work and your dog may not even want to eat grass. You should feed your dog bland foods, like rice with boiled chicken or banana baby food. 
Pick the right moment. Timing is everything, as the old saying goes. "Make time for a casual exchange when both of you aren't preoccupied with something else." Try to get him alone. If he's surrounded by his or your friends , he might respond based on their presence, and not based on how he actually feels. Don't worry if you can't catch him alone, though — just quietly ask if he has a minute to chat privately. Don't rush. You don't want to be nervous or hurried. Asking him as you're trying to speed walk or run to class, or he's on his way to an doctor or dentist appointment, is a recipe for disaster. Instead, choose a time when you have some flexibility, like after school or at lunch. Pay attention to his mood. If he seems particularly grumpy or quiet , it might be best to wait for another chance. Start a conversation. This may feel tough, but it can be surprisingly simple. An open-ended question (that does not have a "yes/no" answer) is a safe place to start. Ask about his upcoming plans. ("What are you doing this weekend? I wanted to....") Ask his thoughts on a common experience (teacher, friend, class, etc.). ("Did you see...? I thought that was...! What did you think?") Monitor your body language. Open, attentive positioning will get your point across — perhaps without even saying it. Lock eyes. Eye contact will tell him that you are listening to him and you care. Shying away from eye contact shows you're nervous and less approachable. Posture. Make sure your body is open and pointed toward him. Tilt your hips toward him (if standing) and make sure your arms aren't crossed. Touch. Make excuses to touch him in appropriate, light ways. The bond of human touch subconsciously puts humans more at ease. Lightly lay your hand on his forearm as you're talking, or gently bump into his side if you're walking together. Mirror his positioning. Getting into a physical groove with him will tell him you are similar. Humans are programmed to seek out those like us. Smile. Always, always, always smile. Not only will it make him happier to be around you, it'll up your mood, too! Tell him. When the big reveal comes, remember to relax! After all, he's just one person, like you. Here's how to get through it with grace: A non-threatening idea is to pad it with another statement: "Sarah was asking who I thought would go to State this year. I told her I liked you and thought you'd make it." "You failed the history exam? Oh, that sucks! I didn't do too great, either. But don't worry, I still really like you." If you're good friends, a more straight-forward approach is fine: "We have tons of fun together. I like you so much." You may want to ask it back: "I think I'm starting to like you. Do you feel the same?" Handle the response. Be prepared for what he says, good or bad. If he's a decent person, he won't want to hurt your feelings. If he doesn't like you back, that's fine. You were brave for trying! Be proud of yourself. To avoid feeling awkward, leave on a happy note: "I understand. I still want to be friends, though. You're so funny!" "I have to get home; I just wanted to let you know. I'll see you in gym! I'll kick your butt in basketball tomorrow!" If he doesn't give you a definite response, revisit the conversation at a later date. He may need time to figure out how he feels. Give the subject space and revisit it in a few days. If he says he likes you back, stay cool. This is not the time to attack him with your kisses. Smile, continue the conversation, and find a time you two are free to spend together. Open the conversation. You already have his number, so congratulations! The hard part is over. Keep the first message simple yet intriguing. Ask about him. People like others who are interested in them. Ask how his day went, if he's seen the latest episode of a show you both watch, if he's finished the homework for French — whatever you know he's thought about. If you know what you have in common, talk about it! Do you both play sports or an instrument? Hang in a mutual circle of friends? This way you'll have something to respond with, sustaining the conversation. Use emoticons. With electronic messages, it's hard to be sure of a person's intentions. Emoticons will soften whatever it is you choose to say. A smile signals that you mean your words in a positive way, while a wink is a sure sign that you're flirting. Get the timing right. Responding within seconds to all of his texts may seem like you're waiting around to talk to him. While this is fine occasionally, it's best to busy yourself with other things, too. Go about your day as normal. Playing hard to get is not the idea here. Don't leave him hanging — just treat his texts as you would any other friend of yours. Reveal your feelings. After the conversation has started, find a moment where it feels natural. "You talked to David? Did he tell you I like you? 'Cuz it's true. :)" "Haha! =] I really like you. Are you going to the game on Friday with anyone?" Answer back. Whatever his response, don't jump to conclusions. Breathe first and then respond. If he's hesitant, don't push. He may need a moment to think. Continue the conversation — don't drop it suddenly. If a few days pass and he makes no gesture of explanation, revisit it in a similar manner. If he says no, try to lighten the mood. He's probably feeling awkward, too. "Oh, that's cool. I just wanted to make sure you knew." "I get it. I'm super busy, too — I'm just starting [hobby]!" If he says yes, find a time to hang out. Don't drive over to his house or start naming your children. Just make plans to see each other over the weekend. Be fun. Intensity may scare him off. Keep your note light-hearted and playful: Hi! :) I couldn't resist dropping you a note. Uh oh...I think Mrs. Umbridge is watching me! --All clear for now. Are you going to Sarah's party on Saturday? I like you -- wanna go together? :)" Give it to him discreetly. You can either put it in his locker (don't forget your name!), slip it in his book, or hand it to him directly. A quick, "I think you dropped this," will surely raise his eyebrow. Respond. Depending on his response, you will need to act a certain way. If he responds positively, talk to him in person. You've got nothing to lose! If he responds negatively, stay friendly. When you see him, smile. Continue as normal. Do not go out of your way to pursue him any further. The ball is in his court now. If he doesn't respond, you may need to talk to him in person. If you didn't hand deliver the note, it's possible he didn't get it. Wait a few days. If he still hasn't responded, visit the conversation in person. He may just need time to think. 
Purchase verbena starts or seedlings at a local garden store. They are available in zones two through eight. Since verbena seeds take a long time to germinate, you can save yourself time and space by starting with seedlings. Buying the verbena plants allows you to ask the clerks how tall they grow and compare different colors. You can find verbena plants in white, red, purple, pink or multi-colored varieties. Plant your verbena seeds in the winter if you want to grow them from seed. Sew two seeds to every peat or fiber pot. Keep the soil damp but not overwatered. Use warm water to keep the soil warmer during germination. Seeds will take approximately one month to sprout. Grow indoors until they produce three to four leaves. Then, start hardening them by placing them outside during the day in full sunlight. Choose locations for your verbena plants that get 8 to 10 hours of direct sunlight. Verbena plants are prone to developing powdery mildew if they don't get enough sun. Plant the verbena seedlings in late spring or early summer. Make sure that you are well past your last frost and the days are long. Ensure they are planted in well-drained soil. After you place them in the ground, fertilize the ground with flower fertilizer. Fertilize monthly for the rest of the growing season. Water to keep the soil moist during the first few weeks after planting.  Change your water regimen after the verbena plants are well rooted. Water once per week at the base of the plant, making sure they get about 1 inch (2.5 cm) of water or rain. Allow the soil to dry out before the next watering. Overwatering and watering from overhead are common mistakes with verbena care. Deadhead verbena plants after the first full bloom. Prune one-fourth of the plants top growth, include old flower blooms. Take care not to prune on the main stem. Prune two to three times per season. The next bloom will appear in 15 to 20 days. This practice will produce more blooms and wider plants. Consider using cuttings to multiply your verbena stock, if you want to grow them again. Cut a stem just below the node, or thickened place on a stem. Plant them in soil and keep them moist and shaded until they take root. Keep them in a container with as much sun as possible until you are ready to plant them in your beds. Trim back the plant slightly in the fall if you live in a warmer locale and want to treat them as perennials. They will die with exposure to frost. Don't overtrim them or they may not remain hardy. 
Take out all the cards. Divide them into piles of the Exploding Kittens, the Defuse, and the rest of the cards. There should be 4 Exploding Kittens and 6 Defuses. Use the pile of cards that are not the Defuse nor the Exploding Kittens and give each person 4 cards. The game is meant for up to 5 people (or 10 for the party edition). In the party edition, play with only the cards without the pawprint for 2-3 players, with the pawprint for 4-7 players, and with all cards for 8-10 players. Give each person 1 Defuse.  Use the following bullets to decide how many Exploding Kittens to put in your deck: Put 1 Exploding Kitten in the pile with the rest of the cards if you are playing with 2 people. Put 2 Exploding Kittens in the pile with the rest of the cards if you're playing with 3 people. Put 3 Exploding Kittens in the pile with the rest of the cards if you are playing with 4 people. Put 4 Exploding Kittens in the pile with the rest of the cards if you are playing with 5 people. Put the Defuse back in the big deck. Only put 2 in the deck if you are playing with 2 people. Put the deck face down in a pile.  Use these piles during gameplay. When it is your turn you can play as many cards as you want, placing them in a pile next to the deck. When you end your turn, you draw a card. Know what the cards mean as you draw them: The Exploding Kitten card makes you eliminated immediately unless you use a defuse card. When you use a Defuse card you get to put the Exploding Kitten anywhere in the deck. The Favor card means the person who played the card picks any opponent to give them a card of the opponent's choice. The Nope card can be used any time during the game to stop any action except against an Exploding Kitten or a Defuse card. It is even possible to "nope" a "nope". The Attack card forces the next player to go twice, and you don't need to draw a card at the end of your turn. The "Double slap" and "Triple slap" cards forces anyone playing to take two or three turns in a row. The Skip card lets you skip your turn without drawing a card. The Shuffle card lets you shuffle the deck. The "See the Future" card allows you to see the next three cards in the deck. The "Alter the Future" card allows you to rearrange the next three cards in the deck. The "Draw from the Bottom" card allows you to end your turn by drawing from the bottom of the deck instead of the top. Cat cards aren't useful by themselves but can be used in Special Combos or Pairs. The "Feral Cat" allows you to use the card as any cat card. Play pairs/special combos: If you get doubles (Two of a Kind) of the same card that has no instructions on it you can play them, allowing you to draw a random card from your opponent of choice. If you have triples (Three of a Kind) of a card with no instructions you get to ask any opponent for any card. If they do not have the card you ask for you get nothing. If they do you get to keep that card. If you have five different cat cards, then dive into the discard pile and grab any card you want. In Advanced Play, any two or three cards with matching icons in their corners can be played as pairs, rather than only instruction-less cards. And if you have five cards with different icons in the corners (with or without instructions) then you can look through the Discard Pile and grab any card you want. Play until someone wins. The game is won when all but one players have "exploded", or drawn an Exploding Kittens card. The last player left is declared the winner. Have fun! 
Eat a balanced diet. You may feel hungry if you are not receiving the nutritional benefits of a balanced diet. Be sure that you eat items from each of the food groups. You should get plenty of vegetables and fruit, lean proteins, and whole grains, as well as a moderate amount of healthy oils and fats. A balanced breakfast could be a half a cup of whole-grain oatmeal with a drizzle of honey, a cup of fresh strawberries, and a half a cup of cottage cheese. A healthy lunch could be a salad of dark mixed greens with dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, and crumbled cheese such as feta or goat cheese. You can make your own dressing or opt for a reduced-calorie dressing. Don't like salads? Make a wrap! Wrap up those greens, cranberries, and sunflower seeds into a pita or a whole grain tortilla. You could also add a lean meat such as turkey to the wrap, and drizzle a little dressing on it. A balanced dinner could be a 4-oz serving of meat or fish, two vegetables, and a whole grain. For example, you could have grilled salmon, wild rice, roasted or steamed broccoli, and roasted butternut squash. Eat voluminous foods. Foods that have a lot of air or water in them have greater volume. These will make you feel full faster and will give you the sensation of eating a larger quantity, which may help if you feel hungry. Some foods with higher volume include: Legumes Soup Vegetables Popcorn Fresh fruit Whole grains Eat salad before meals. Lettuce has a high water content, so eating a salad with light dressing prior to your meal can help you fill up faster and feel less hungry after your meal. A salad doesn't have to be complicated to be tasty. Try tossing some mixed greens in lemon juice and olive oil, then topping with a few cherry tomatoes. If you are feeling more ambitious or creative, try mixing fruits and vegetables into your salad. You could make a salad that includes fresh blueberries or strawberries along with sweet peppers or marinated beets. Eat healthy snacks. Snacking on high-energy snacks such as fruit and nuts can help you feel less hungry between meals. Nuts make an especially good filler snack because their healthy fat and protein content digests slowly, giving you more energy than a sugary snack. Sip water between bites of food. Sometimes increasing the amount of water you drink can help you eat less. Drinking plenty of water before a meal and continuing to sip water while you eat will help you feel fuller without overeating. If you tire of drinking water, try mixing up your routine with other options that are calorie-free. You could substitute seltzer water for plain water occasionally. Drinking green tea in place of water can give you a break from plain water. Green tea also acts as an antioxidant, which can contribute to weight loss. Avoid junk food. Junk food, processed food that is high in fat, salt, and sugar, makes you feel hungrier when you eat it. It is also designed to stimulate your taste buds and leads, essentially, to addiction and overeating. Foods high in fat cause a chemical reaction in your brain that signals you to eat more, even though you're likely not really hungry. Over-processing foods strips the foods of their nutrients. Your body needs nutrient-rich foods to run efficiently,so it will send a hunger signal even if you just ate a meal or snack with 1000 calories in it. Eating salty foods can lead you to crave sweet foods, so you end up eating twice as many snacks as you need. Distinguish between emotional and physical hunger. This may be surprising, but emotional hunger can easily mask itself as physical hunger. Knowing the differences between the two can help you make appropriate food choices. Here are some ways in which the two kinds of hunger differ: Physical hunger slowly builds, while emotional hunger is sudden and immediate. Physical hunger is not specific to a type of food, while emotional hunger may manifest as an intense craving for a specific food or food type. Emotional hunger can be triggered by boredom, while physical hunger isn't. Try occupying yourself with another activity. If the hunger goes away, it was emotional. If it persists, it could be physical. Calm specific food cravings. Sometimes, a craving for a specific food can seem overwhelming. It's okay to respond to such a craving; just acknowledge that the craving is likely emotional and not tied to true hunger. Indulge in a little bit of what you're craving. Have a killer craving for French fries? Get a small order and savor them slowly. Want chocolate? Get a couple of small squares of dark chocolate and nibble on them between sips of coffee or tea. Substitute similar foods. Craving salty potato chips? Try substituting salted nuts, which may satisfy your salt craving while offering protein and healthy fat, which will keep you full longer. This can cut down on your desire to snack later. Craving fried chicken? Try breading and oven baking chicken, which can offer a similar texture to fried chicken. Want something sweet? Eat fresh, seasonal fruit. Delay eating. If you are beginning to feel as though you want to snack, try to delay eating for a little while. Some tricks that can help you reduce your feelings of hunger until your next meal include: Smelling fruit. Sniffing an apple or a banana can temporarily satisfy feelings of hunger. Looking at the color blue. The color blue acts as an appetite suppressant, while red, orange, and yellow increase appetite. Surround yourself with blue while you adjust to a new eating schedule. Going for a walk. If you feel ready to snack, try going for a brisk, 15-minute walk (preferably outdoors) instead. This can distract you from your desire to snack and you will benefit from the exercise. Reduce your stress levels. Increased stress causes your body to create more cortisol, which causes you to feel hungry. Decreasing your stress can lessen the amount of cortisol and make you feel less hungry. The following are some suggestions for stress reduction: Listen to music. Many people find music therapeutic. Make yourself a stress-free playlist, and take a mental break by listening to it periodically. Laugh more. Laughing reduces your stress and makes you feel happier. Next time you feel stress-related hunger, try calling your funny friend or watching a hilarious new viral YouTube video of a baby or a cat (whatever makes you laugh). Meditate or pray. Nourishing your spiritual side through meditation or prayer can help reduce your stress. Set aside time that you can be alone and quiet with your thoughts every day. Get exercise. Getting plenty of exercise can reduce your stress and help cut down on boredom-related hunger. Even walking for 30 minutes every day can make a huge difference to your emotional and physical health. Get plenty of sleep. Sleep is good for your mental and physical health. It can help lower your stress, help you deal with increased stress more effectively, and will help you stay healthier in general. Most adults need 7-9 hours of sleep every night. Avoid hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar, can cause you to feel hungry. It can also cause shaking and lightheadedness. You can have your blood sugar tested with a glucose monitor, or you can treat the effects of hypoglycemia with dietary changes. Eat small meals frequently. Avoid sugary foods. Even though “low blood sugar” makes it sound like you need sugar, the solution is not foods that are high in sugar. Instead, choose foods that have sustained, longer energy release. Get tested for diabetes. If you always feel hungry, it's possible that you have Type 2 Diabetes. This disorder results from the inability of your cells to use insulin to extract sugar from nutrients and allow it to enter your bloodstream. Because your body is not getting adequate nourishment, it sends a signal to your brain asking for more food. Have your thyroid tested. Hyperthyroidism, or an overactive thyroid, can also make you feel hungry all of the time. The thyroid controls your metabolism, or the rate at which your body processes food. An overactive thyroid processes food too quickly, causing your body to need more food. Be wary of eating disorders. If you feel hungry all of the time because you are not receiving adequate nutrition, you may be suffering from an eating disorder such as anorexia or bulimia.  Even extreme dieting can be a form of anorexia. If you have a low body weight, you feel unhappy with your body image and have trouble eating, or if you make yourself purge (vomit) after eating, seek immediate help from a mental health professional. 
Gather your door painting supplies. Obviously, you'll need a paintbrush and paint, but for best results, you'll likely also want a suitable primer. Be sure the paint and primer you buy is intended for your purposes ( interior vs. exterior; acrylic vs. oil based), and, all in all, be sure you also have: Clean rag Drop cloth(s) (or newspaper) Hammer Latex paint (or other suitable paint) Paintbrush Paint tray (for roller) Primer (if necessary) Roller (low-nap) Sandpaper (fine grit, 180 - 220-grit) Sawhorses Screwdriver Use your hammer and a screwdriver to remove the hinge pins. First, close the door so the hinge opens flat, allowing better access. Then, use a small screwdriver to force the pins out of your hinge. You may only need a screwdriver to accomplish this task, but if the pin is stuck, tap the back of your screwdriver with a hammer to pop it free. If you don't have a screwdriver the right size on hand, you might try using a nail pushed through the bottom of the hinge. Have a friend help remove the door. The shape of your door and the material it's made from can make handling a door by yourself cumbersome, difficult, or dangerous. Especially if you are painting a metal door, which can be extremely heavy. Once the pins have been pulled free from all hinges, remove the door from its frame with your helper. Position the door in your work area. Make sure the area you will be painting is well ventilated, clear of obstacles, and properly covered with drop cloths or newspaper in case of drips or splatter. Laying your door atop sawhorses with the side you intend on working face up will make the sanding and priming process easier on yourself. You can lay the door on the floor, if necessary, but this can dirty your door or accidentally cause damage. To prevent your door from sticking or freshly applied paint from becoming damaged by your sawhorse, you may want to use cardboard to pad the tops of your horses. Sanding and painting bent over might also cause back pain. Remove or tape around the edges of fixtures. To ensure your doorknobs don't get primed or painted during this process, you should remove handles and any other features, like clothes hooks, from your door. If you do not plan on removing these from your door, you might: Prevent hardware from being painted by taping around the edges of fixtures, or even taping the entire fixture. Sand the door lightly. Use fine grit sandpaper, between 180 and 220-grit, while stripping old, flaking paint and smoothing rough edges. A power sander or coarse sandpaper might cause scoring in your door, leaving unsightly notches or lines in its surface. Clean your door, if necessary. Your door may have accumulated some dust or grit in the sanding process. Take a clean rag or paper towel and wipe your door free of any dust, dirt, or grime. Do not use water. If water soaks into the material of your door, it can have a negative effect on how the primer and paint bond to the surface. Repeat sanding and cleaning on both sides. By tackling your door one side at a time, you accomplish two goals at once. Your careful attention to one side at a time will help ensure evenness and consistency for the whole door. This will help you achieve a professional looking finished product. Prime your door. Primer helps to prepare the surface of your door for the actual coat of paint. Some surfaces, especially those that are rough or absorbent, can be difficult or expensive to paint if unprimed. You'll certainly want to prime your door if: Your surface is unfinished. Your door is made of bare or stained wood. You want to paint the door a color lighter than its current color. Allow your primer to rest. The specific brand of primer that you bought should have instructions for how long you should let your primer dry before applying paint. Follow these directions for best results, but when in doubt, allow 48 hours to pass before applying your paint. Prime the reverse side of your door. But first, you should give it a once over to make sure that it is clean. Dirt or dust that might have been on your sawhorses could have rubbed off on your door. Using a clean rag or paper towel, wipe any dust or grit off the door before priming. Be sure not to get your door wet. Wetness on the door can prevent your primer and paint from bonding with its surface. Prepare to use your roller. Rollers are intended to cover a large area with paint efficiently. To cut down on the time you spend painting, put a moderate amount of paint in your tray. Then: Place your roller into the trough of your tray until it is half saturated with paint. Roll it on the groves to remove excess paint. Do this several times to thoroughly wet the nap of your roller. Apply enough paint so the roller is wet through but not dripping. Now you're ready to roll! Paint panels with your roller. A small roller should help you work quickly while still providing enough maneuverability to get as much of the edges as you can. The panels are the inner shapes carved into the door, and should be focused on first. Use moderate force when rolling; pressing too hard can cause paint to bead along the outer edge of your roller. Dip your paintbrush into your paint can and use the tip of it to get any narrow spaces in the paneling your roller cannot reach. Use your brush to smooth any heavy areas or dribbles. Do this by wiping free excess paint on the inner lip of your paint can, wiping the excess paint off the door, and wiping the excess paint back onto the inner lip. Be especially vigilant for buildup in corner and edges. Use your roller to paint the crossbar. Generally, you should follow the direction of the bar for the best effect. When painting a vertical bar or brace, use vertical motions with your roller. The opposite should be done for horizontal bars. Paint the border of your door. Move your roller in an up and down motion to paint the left and right sides of your door. Then, using a left-to-right motion, paint the top and bottom borders. When painting edges with a roller, extra paint caught in the nap of your roller sometimes squeezes out, causing a run line or thick area. Keep your eyes peeled and a brush handy to correct run lines or thick areas. Add finishing touches using your paintbrush. Your paintbrush will allow you to paint difficult areas of your door with much greater detail and control. Use your brush to clean up edges where paint has collected and smooth out any unevenness in the paint. If painting a wooden door, paint with the grain, which is the direction the wood appears to flow in. Allow the paint to dry. The directions on your paint can should indicate how long you should let your paint dry before adding a second coat, but if you are unsure how long you should wait: Wait 30 minutes for light coats and thinner paints. Wait four hours for thicker coats and medium thickness paints. Wait more than four hours for especially thick paints. Paint the reverse side of your door. Now that the topside of your door is painted and dry, you should flip the door and repeat the painting process on the other side. This time, you should be mindful of: Edges, where excess paint might drip from your roller and dribble onto the other side. Gaps in the wood. Some panels or wooden doors are constructed with some space or looseness where two pieces of wood form a seam. Paint these sections lightly with a paintbrush to prevent buildup on the opposite side. Apply a second layer of paint. A second layer of paint can help bring out the luster in your paint, and can be especially useful at covering up any bleed through from your primer. Make sure that your paint is completely dry before applying the second coat. Allow the door to dry completely. Now that both coats have been applied, you should inspect the door for any errant drips or thick spots. Use your paintbrush to smooth these out, and then consult your paint can to find the recommended wait time till dry. Set an alarm so that you can check your door to see if it's done drying. If the paint is wet, damn, or feels poorly bonded, reset your timer and wait another 30 minutes. Do this until the paint feels dry. Depending on the quality of your paint and door, you may want to sand very lightly with fine grit sandpaper between coats. Lift the door back into its original position. You may need a helper to do this, especially if the door is heavy or cumbersome. But now that you're satisfied with the paint job and the paint has fully dried on both sides, you can reinstall your door. With your helper: Slide the door into place so that the door hinge slots into the wall hinge. Have your helper hold the door steady while you reinsert hinge pins. Use a hammer or the handle of your screwdriver to tap stubborn pins into place. Check the levelness of your door, if having difficulties. Holding the door at even a slight angle can make it impossible to reinsert hinge pins. 
Preheat the waffle iron. Plug your waffle iron in and heat it for at least ten minutes. The iron can heat while you prepare the waffle batter. Measure the pancake mix, water, oil, egg yolk, and sugar into a bowl. You'll need to add other ingredients to your pancake mix to improve the texture of your waffles. Measure 1 cup (250 g) pf pancake mix, 3/4 cup (180 ml) of water, 1/4 cup (60 ml) of oil, 2 tablespoons (25 g) of sugar, and 1 large egg yolk into a mixing bowl. Extra water, oil, and sugar will ensure that the waffle becomes crisp and brown on the outside while it stays fluffy on the inside. If you'd like to double the recipe (to make one dozen waffles), just double all of the ingredients. Whisk the batter. Use a wire whisk to combine the batter ingredients in the mixing bowl. Stop whisking as soon as the mixture is combined and set it aside. Don't worry if the batter is still a little lumpy. You want to avoid over beating it or the waffles will be tough. Beat the egg whites to stiff peaks. Get out another mixing bowl and place the two large egg whites into it. Use a stand or hand mixer to whisk the whites on high speed. Keep whisking until they form stiff peaks when you lift the whisk out of the bowl. Fold the egg whites into the batter. Transfer the egg whites to the bowl with the batter and gently fold them in until they're just combined. Take a metal spoon and twist your wrist as you lift the batter up and over the egg whites. Keep lifting and turning the batter until the egg whites are incorporated. Pour the batter into the hot waffle iron. Once the waffle iron is hot, scoop 1/2 cup (about 120 g) of the batter into the center of the waffle iron. Slowly lower the lid on the batter. Cook and remove the waffle. Cook the waffle for a few minutes or until steam isn't coming out of the waffle iron anymore. Carefully lift up the lid use a fork to lift the waffle out. Cooking time will depend on your specific waffle iron. Most waffles will cook within two to four minutes. Create dessert waffles. Mix up the pancake mix that's been converted for waffles. Stir in some of your favorite sweeteners and cook the waffles on the iron. Top the dessert waffles with syrup or whipped cream. Consider adding: Mini-chocolate chips Toasted nuts Shredded coconut Peanut butter or chocolate hazelnut spread Include your favorite fruit. Add nutrients and flavor by putting fresh, dried, or pureed fruit into the prepared batter. Keep in mind that most fruits will add moisture to the batter, so choose just one or two to add or the batter will become watery. You can stir in: Mashed bananas Pureed, spiced pumpkin Grated apples Fresh or frozen berries Mix up savory waffles. Stir savory ingredients directly into the prepared batter. Add your favorite crumbled or shredded cheese, crumbled bacon, fresh herbs, or spices. You can also top the savory waffles with meat, eggs, or cheese to make a complete meal. For example, make cheesy waffles and top them with fried chicken. Or make a crumbled bacon and herb waffle that you top with a fried egg. Make buttermilk lemon waffles. To make really rich, fluffy waffles, replace the water in the batter with buttermilk. You can also stir in a little lemon curd and some mascarpone cheese for flavor. Cook the buttermilk lemon waffles on a hot waffle iron and serve them right away. 
Use a spring bar tool to remove the pins holding the leather band in place. Most watches will have standard spring bar pins, which look like tiny screws that you can remove with a spring bar tool. This tool can be purchased at a local hardware store, or online with large retailers. When you do remove the pins, make sure to put them in a safe place where you will not lose them. Some of the higher technology-based or luxury watches will have quick-release pins or buttons that can be pressed to easily remove the leather straps. Different watches may require different methods to remove the band, and some bands might not be able to be removed at all. If you are unsure whether your band can be removed, go online or call the manufacture of the watch, and ask a representative. Clean around the watch carefully if the band is unable to be removed. Just be extremely careful that excess cleaning liquid does not encounter the watch face. If you are worried you will damage the watch mechanism, or even the leather strap, take the watch to a repair center and have it professionally cleaned. Check the manufacturer for official cleaning recommendations. Different leather qualities and textures may require specific cleaning methods or products to prevent damaging the leather. Look online or call the watch manufacturer to see what products and cleaning method is recommended. Be very careful when cleaning leather that does not have a waterproof or wax seal. Unfinished leather can stain very easily if oversaturated. Sealed leather will appear shiny and smooth, while unfinished leather will have a rough texture. Wipe the leather with a soft, cotton cloth to remove grime buildup. Moisture from your wrist or the environment builds up easily on the inside of the watch strap. The safest way to remove this build-up is by wiping it off with a soft cloth. This will ensure that dirt will not scratch the leather when you scrub it more thoroughly later. Instead of using a cotton cloth, you can wipe the leather with a microfiber jewelry cloth as well. These can be purchased from a local jewelry or department store. If you notice any white spots on the leather, this could be from fat within the leather rising to the surface. These spots can also be removed by wiping them with a dry cloth. Pat down the leather with a soft, damp cloth. Wet the cloth with enough clean water to dampen, but not soak the cloth. This will create a damp enough surface on the leather for you to proceed with cleaning it. Do not directly submerge or spray water onto the leather strap. Some leather bands are not waterproof or do not have a wax seal, and too much water can cause spots or stains on this kind of leather. Put a pea-sized dot of a mild hand soap on the cloth. Rub the dish soap so that it is evenly distributed on the cloth before applying it to the leather. This will prevent concentrated globs of soap from staining the leather. Instead of a mild hand soap, you can add a small amount of baking soda to the water, or equal parts of distilled white vinegar. The cleaning procedure will be the same for either, but just make sure to test a small patch of the leather before fully applying the solution. Use circular motions to clean both sides of the strap. Start at one end of the strap, and slowly move to the other end. The circular motions will gently scrub away the oil and grime buildup on the outside of the leather. Repeat this process 1 to 3 times for each side of both straps until you can no longer see any dirt residue on it. Wipe the leather clean with a fresh cloth dampened with water. Do not oversaturate the cloth with water, as it will stain the leather. Continue to wipe each side of both straps until all of the soap residue is gone. Let the leather air-dry overnight. Do not reattach the straps to the watch or wear the band while it is still damp. This can stretch and possibly damage the leather. When it is fully dry, you can attach it to the clock face, and resume wearing the watch as you normally would. Do not dry your watch in direct sunlight. Sunlight can cause the leather to fade, dry out, and even crack over time. Once the straps are dry, you can condition the leather before attaching the straps to the case of the watch. This is not required, but conditioning the leather will add a layer of protection to it. Clean the leather every 1 to 2 weeks. This will maintain the lifespan of the leather straps, and prevent any odor buildup from occurring. If you do not frequently wear your watch, you do not have to clean the leather straps this often. Wiping down the leather daily with a soft, cotton cloth will further extend the deep cleaning intervals for the band. Use a cloth to rub a pea-sized amount of leather conditioner onto the strap. Continue rubbing the strap in a circular motion until you can see a waxy residue being transferred to the cloth. The conditioner will soften the leather and prevent it from cracking. You can also use saddle soap instead of the leather conditioner. For particularly tough leather, work the residue into the cracks of the leather using a soft-bristled toothbrush. Repeat the process for the other side of the strap, and for both sides of the second strap. Leather conditioner and saddle soap can be purchased at local hardware and department stores, and both can also be purchased online through major retailers. If you are allergic to most leather conditioners, or are worried that the chemicals may irritate your skin, simply apply a thin layer of a high-quality lip balm to the underside of the band if it becomes dry. Allow the lip balm to soak in for a few hours or overnight. The lip balm will add moisture to the leather, and prevent any further cracking. Wipe the leather with a dry cloth to remove excess conditioner. Any leftover conditioner residue can become tacky on the leather, and cause dirt particles to stick to it. Once the conditioner is removed, the leather will be less dull and rejuvenated. Repeat the process for each side of both leather straps. Let the straps air-dry overnight. Do not place the leather straps in direct sunlight. Sunlight will cause the leather to fade, and possibly crack. Once the straps are fully dry, you can attach them to the watch case, and resume your normal routine of wearing the watch. Use the conditioner to buff the leather once a week or once a month depending on how often you wear the watch. Attach the dry leather straps to the watch face using the spring bar pins. Use your spring bar tool to screw the pins back into place. This will require a counter-clockwise rotation. When you do this, the pins need to sit straight in the hole on the watch face and strap, otherwise, they might bend or not attach properly. If your watch had a quick-release button, press and hold the button, and slide the strap into place. Once it is in place, release the button and check that the strap is secure. 
Hold the lighter upright in your dominant hand. Curl your fingers around the body of the Bic to keep it steady. Rest the edge of your thumb on the red button so that it is touching the serrated metal sparkwheel. Find a grip that feels comfortable. You may need to experiment with your thumb at several angles before you get it right. This red button is the ignition button that releases the gas from the lighter chamber. Grip the lighter at least half an inch below the metal portion. The metal gets really hot and you're also more likely to get burned the closer you are to it. Roll the metal sparkwheel down into the red ignition button. Use your thumb. Apply some force to the wheel, as you push it downward, to ensure that you create a spark. Turn the sparkwheel in one quick, decisive motion. If you do it right, a flame come out from the top of the lighter. You won't see the spark. The spark is generated inside the metal housing of the lighter. Hold the red button to keep the flame going. After you roll the sparkwheel, your thumbnail should rest firmly on the button. As long as you hold this tab, you are releasing a steady stream of gas from the inner chamber of the lighter. The gas feeds the flame and keeps it burning evenly. As soon as you release the button, the flame will cease. Don't keep the lighter lit for more than 30 seconds. Let off the gas right after you light the object that you're trying to light. The top of the lighter will get hot rather quickly, which can be dangerous. To get maximum life from your lighter, avoid burning it for any longer than necessary. Most lighters come with plenty of flint to outlast the fuel in normal use, so it is better to relight it than to keep it burning between tasks: e.g. lighting a great many candles. It's unlikely that the flint will run out before the fuel does. When it does run out of gas, you're out of luck. Find the sparkwheel. This serrated metal wheel, also called the striker, is the part of the lighter that creates a spark. When you roll the wheel down into the lighter chamber, it strikes against a piece of flint. The resultant spark ignites the gas from the fuel well, creating a small, steady flame. Know the function of the ignition button. The red ignition button, when pressed, releases the gas valve to the fuel tank. In order to light the lighter, you'll need to strike the sparkwheel and hold the ignition button at the exact same time. Envision how the lighter works. When you spin the wheel, you make a spark. When you hold the button, you release a steady stream of gas. When you do to the two at the same time, the spark ignites the gas and sends a small flame through the hole at the top of the lighter. The flame will keep burning for as long as you hold the button. Keep trying. If you are using a relatively new Bic lighter, the problem likely lies with your technique rather than with some malfunction within the tool. Work on your hand placement. Make sure that you are striking the spark wheel quickly and powerfully enough to generate a spark. Check that you are holding down the ignition button and not just letting it go. Bic lighters should still work in somewhat rainy and windy conditions. If you are having trouble flicking the Bic, however, try cupping the lighter with your hand or otherwise blocking the wind so that it cannot steal away the flame. Create a dry space with still air. Consider removing the safety band. This will make the lighter somewhat less "safe," but it will make it easier to light. You won't need to apply so much force to create a spark. Many Bic owners make a practice of removing the safety band as soon as they buy a new lighter. Check the fuel level. If the lighter doesn't light, check to make sure that there is fuel in the tank. It will be obvious with a transparent lighter. Hold an opaque lighter up to a light source. With a darker colored lighter, hold the top some distance away from your ear and tap it a few times. Keep your thumb on the lever and away from the striker wheel so you don't set your head on fire. You should hear a fairly strong hiss. If the lighter is out of fuel, throw it away. Disposable lighters are not meant to be refilled. You should be able to get up to 3,000 lights from a full-sized Bic lighter. Have a look at the striker or "sparkwheel. " If the lighter has fuel but still doesn't light, then the problem may be with the striker. Cheap lighters and Bics that have been used extensively will fail after a while because, while it still produces a visible spark, it's not dense enough to light the butane. If the Bic is still producing a spark, you can hold the striker wheel down hard and very slowly turn it, grinding a little bit of flint off the stick. When the striker is hit full force, it should scatter and ignite the flint, which should be enough to light the butane. Be careful: the bits of flint can scatter and land on skin or clothing. The likelihood of burning yourself is very small, but still existent. If the striker produces no spark at all but there is still butane in the tank: put the tips of two lighters together. Hold down the ignition button of the first lighter to release fuel. Then, use the striker from the other, functioning lighter (possibly one that has run out of fuel) to light the first. 
Develop a plan. Consider how much time you have to write the essay and develop a writing plan based on that. This will help you figure out how long to spend on each part of the essay writing process, and will also keep you on task. Be honest about your strengths and weaknesses when devising your plan. For example, if you are a good researcher but not great at editing, spend less time on the research section in favor of spending more time on the revising section. Make sure to schedule breaks for yourself to refresh your brain and recharge yourself. An example of a plan for a one-day essay writing project might look like this: 8:00 – 9:30 – Consider an essay question and argument for the topic. 9:30 – 9:45 – Take a short break. 10:00 – 12:00 – Conduct research. 12:00 – 13:00 – Outline the essay. 13:00 – 14:00 – Take a lunch break. 14:00 – 19:00 – Write your essay. 19:00 – 20:00 – Take a dinner break. 20:00 – 22:30 – Revise and copy edit your essay. 22:30 – 23:00 – Print and prepare your essay submission. Consider the essay question. You may know the topic of an essay when your teacher assigns it to you, but even if you don't, first consider the question and different ways you could make arguments about the topic. Doing this preliminary brainstorming will not only direct you towards the appropriate research, it will help the writing process go more quickly. Make sure you understand what the question is asking for! If you provide a summary when the essay prompt asked you to “analyze,” you're unlikely to do very well. If you don't have an essay topic, choose a subject that interests you and consider the essay question afterward. You are more likely to write a good essay on a topic that you're interested in. Develop your argument or thesis statement. Your argument or thesis statement is the point you're making in the essay through evidence and analysis. Develop your argument to help direct your research and make the writing process go more quickly. If you don't have much experience with your topic, it might be difficult to develop an argument. You can still consider your argument and then use your research to support or refute the claims you want to make. A good exercise to help you quickly figure out your essay question and argument is to write “I am studying (choose a topic) because I want to know (what do you want to know) in order to show (this is where your argument goes).” For example, “I am studying the medieval witch trials because I want to know how lawyers employed evidence in their cases in order to show that the trial process influenced modern medical techniques and legal practices.” Consider counter-arguments in order to strengthen your essay. Research your essay topic. You'll need to strategically research your topic to find the evidence that will help you construct your argument and form the body of your essay. There are many different types of sources you can use for research, from online journals and newspaper archives to primary sources at the library. Since you don't have a lot of time to write, focus on one or two places where you can do research. For example, the library and internet offer many different options for sources. Just make sure that you use reliable sources, such as peer-reviewed journals, government and university websites, and newspapers and magazines written by professionals. Don't use personal blogs, obviously biased sources, or sources that don't have professional credentials. You can draw upon information you know to speed up the research process. Simply find a (reliable!) source to support it and include it in your sources. Doing preliminary research online can point you to sources in a library such as books and journal articles. It can also point you in the direction of web sources including newspaper article archives or other research on your topic. If you're reading books, "gut" the book to get through it quickly and move on to other sources. To "gut" a book, skim the introduction and conclusion to find the main arguments, and then pick a few details from the body of the book to use as evidence. Take notes on your research sources. These will show that you've legitimately researched the topic while giving credit to the person who forwarded the idea. This is especially important if you plan to use direct quotes and will also help you add footnotes and bibliographic information to your essay without having to look them up in the sources. Write an outline of your essay. Construct an outline of your essay to guide you through the writing process. By structuring it in the same form as your essay and adding evidence, you will simplify and expedite the writing process. You'll also be able to identify any areas that need better development. Structure your outline as you will your essay, with an introduction, a body, and a conclusion. The more detail you put into your outline, the easier and more quickly you can write the essay. For example, instead of just writing a basic paragraph about the body, flesh it out into bullet points or sentences that presents argument and supporting evidence. Set a fixed amount of time to write. Allotting a specific amount of time can help you write more quickly because it puts pressure on you to perform. Set up your working environment so that you don't have any distractions during this time and allow yourself to write freely. Nothing will keep you from finishing an essay on time like goofing off online or ending up watching eight straight hours of Cartoon Network. Turn the TV off, switch your phone to silent, and exit out of Facebook and other social media/chat sites. Make sure you have all your material nearby when you start to write. Getting up to fetch a book or a piece of paper or a snack will eat into your precious time. Write a catchy introduction. The introduction does exactly what the word says: it explains to the reader what you're going to say in the essay. The introduction should grab, or hook, your reader's attention and entice them to read the rest of the essay. The most important part of your introduction is your argument or thesis statement. This tells the reader the point your trying to make in the essay. Write a “hook” that will grab the reader's attention to start, then introduce the argument with a few relevant facts woven into the narrative. End by stating how you will demonstrate your points. An example of a hook could be, “People say Napoleon had a complex because of his size, but he was actually an average height for the time in which he lived.” It's sometimes helpful to write the introduction after you have written the body so you know how to introduce the topic and your arguments best. A good rule of thumb is to not have the introduction be more the 10% of your essay. Thus, for a five page essay, you shouldn't write more than one paragraph. Write the body of the essay. The body of your essay will contain the substantive points that support your thesis statement or argument. Analyzing two to three main points will strengthen your argument and add more words to your overall total. Pick two to three main points to help make your argument or thesis statement. Any fewer and you won't have enough evidence for your argument and any more may make you not explore each point thoroughly enough. Keep your evidence to support the main points concise. Going off on explanatory tangents will cost you precious time. Support your main points with the evidence compiled during your research. Make sure to explain how the evidence supports your claims! If haven't reached your word limit, pick a main point and conduct more research on it to expand on your point. Write as clearly as possible. If you're writing quickly, it will simplify the process to write easy sentences without difficult grammatical structures. This also makes it less likely that you'll improperly use convoluted jargon. Avoid "fat" language when you write. Text that includes long prepositional phrases, passive verbs, and paragraphs that don't further your argument waste time that you could spend writing or revising your essay. Allow yourself to “free-write” to optimize your time. It's easier to draft text and subsequently edit than it is to work with nothing. By just allowing yourself to write freely, you're assured to have some text that you have something to shape during the revision process. Free-writing can also help you overcome writer's block that results from not knowing how to say something. If you're struggling with getting the wording of an idea just right, write it as well as you can and come back to it later. Write the essay conclusion. Like the introduction, the conclusion does exactly what the word implies: it brings your essay to an end. It provides a summary of your basic argument and should leave the reader with a strong impression of your work. The essay conclusion should also be relatively short. Aim for the conclusion to be 5-10% of your essay's total length. Aim to do more in your conclusion than just restate your thesis and the evidence you used. You could acknowledge the limitations of your argument, suggest a direction for future research, or expand the relevance of your topic to a wider field. Just as you drew in reader with good introduction, end your conclusion with a sentence that make a lasting impression on your reader. Revise and proofread your essay. No essay is good when it contains mistakes. Revising and proofreading your will ensure that the essay you composed quickly doesn't have any glaring errors. It's also important to revise and proofread so that you leave a good impression on your readers. Re-read the entire essay. Make sure that you are still arguing the same thing at the end of the essay that you are at the beginning. If not, go back and adjust your thesis. Make sure that your paragraphs build on one another and don't feel haphazard. You can use transitions and strong topic sentences to help you draw connections between your paragraphs. Spelling and grammar are the easiest mistakes to revise, but they cost you a lot of reader goodwill if you don't fix them. Plan your work. Even though you may only have a few hours to write this essay, taking a few moments at the beginning to develop a quick plan will help you perform at your best. Read the prompt carefully! If the question asks you to take a position, take one. If it asks you to evaluate the events that led to the downfall of Rome, don't just give a summary of Roman history. Jot down an idea map. You probably won't have time to make a formal outline. However, having an idea of the main points that you want to touch on and how they relate will help you structure the essay. If you can't figure out how to connect your main points, that's a sign you need to think a little bit more before you start writing. Figure out your argument. Once you've noted down some main points, figure out what you want to say about them. Even timed essays need a unified argument or thesis. Time your writing strategically. If you must answer more than one essay question during a time period, make sure that you leave yourself enough time to write all of them. It's also a good idea to check the grade values for your essay questions, too. For example, you wouldn't want to spend the same amount of time and effort on a 3-paragraph essay question worth 20% as you would a 2-page essay question worth 60%. If you see a question that you feel will be more difficult for you, it could be a good idea to tackle it first. This will get the hard stuff out of the way while you're still fresh. Cut the fluff. All too often, students will write their way into their ideas after spending a whole paragraph on meaningless generalizations. Particularly in timed essays, it is very important to get directly to your main argument and providing evidence for it. Spending too much time on the introduction can leave you with less time to write later. If you notice that your introductory paragraph starts with something broad or hugely general, such as “Throughout the history of time, humans have been fascinated by science,” cut it. Don't put anything in a timed essay that doesn't support your point. If you are talking about the importance of religious belief in modern society, don't dilute your point by also referencing socialism, Hollywood, and banana farming. Explain connections between evidence and claims. A common issue with essays, especially those produced under pressure, is that student writers often present evidence without explaining how it links back to their claims. Make sure that you follow the “C-E-E” (Claim-Evidence-Explanation) formula for each paragraph: Claim. This is the main argument of the paragraph. It is probably located in your topic sentence. Evidence. This is the supporting detail that proves your claim. Explanation. This connects the evidence back to your claim and explains why the evidence proves what you say it does. If anything in your paragraph doesn't fit one of these three elements, it's a good sign you don't need it in the paragraph. Leave time to revise. Even in timed situations, you will want to leave some time to revise. This means more than cleaning up spelling and other minor errors. Read back through your whole essay. Does the essay actually demonstrate and support what your thesis says is the main argument? It's not uncommon for ideas to evolve as you write. If this has happened, tweak your thesis accordingly. Do the paragraphs flow smoothly from one to the next? Timed essays don't have the same standards that regular essays do, but your reader should still be able to follow your argument in a logical progression without feeling yanked around or lost. Do you offer a conclusion that sums up your argument? Don't leave the essay hanging without a conclusion. Even if it's very brief, a conclusion will help your essay feel complete. 
Decide if you can be yourself around them. True friends accept you for who you are. When you're with your friends, you should feel comfortable wearing clothes you like, sharing your opinions, and being honest about your interests. Consider if you feel comfortable around your friends or if you feel pressured to be someone you're not. For instance, if you find yourself hiding things from your friends or doing things you don't like doing, you might not be able to be yourself with them. You might not always agree with your friends. However, a good friend will accept that you have differences and not make you feel like you can't express them. Pay attention to how they treat you. A good friend will treat you with kindness. Consider the way they talk to you, their tone of voice, and whether or not they make you feel good about yourself. Make sure that your friends are treating you well. Otherwise, they might not be a good fit for you. It's okay for your friend to point out mistakes you made or to disagree with you. However, they shouldn't be mean about it. For instance, a good friend might say something like, “I've noticed that you've been making bad grades lately. Is something going on?” They shouldn't say, “Wow! Your grades are really tanking. Study much?” Notice if they actively listen to you. Friends care about your thoughts and feelings, so they'll really listen to you. When you're talking, check to see if they're engaged in the conversation. Make sure they're nodding along and seem to understand what you said. This is a sign that they truly care about you and are a good friend. When you're having a conversation, they should be totally focused on you, not their phone or what they want to say. Make sure you're also listening to them when they're speaking. Observe how you feel emotionally after being around them. A good friend will lift you up and make you feel happy, while a toxic friend can leave you feeling drained. After you spend time with your friends, consider how you're feeling. If you feel happy and excited to see them again, they're probably good friends. If you feel drained or anxious, they could be a bad match for you. If your friend acts like an energy vampire or draws you into drama, it may be a sign that you should find new friends. Track how you feel after several interactions with your friends to get an overall picture. You may occasionally have good or bad days with them, so consider the pattern of how you feel. Determine if you have similar goals and values. You probably won't have everything in common with your friends. However, you should have some overlap in your interests. Make a list of things you have in common with your friends to see if your friendship has a good foundation. For instance, you might both enjoy making art or may both enjoy playing soccer. Similarly, you might share the same drive to help animals or save the environment. It's normal for people to change as they get older. It's possible you used to have things in common with your friends but have grown apart from them. If that's the case, it might be best to find some new friends. Make sure you can rely on them to be there for you. A good friend will support you and will always follow through on their promises. Notice if your friend ever breaks promises or lets you down. If so, it might be time to start looking for new friends. For instance, a good friend will take the time to comfort you when you're upset. If they promise to meet you somewhere, you can count on them to show up. If you loan them something, they'll always return it as promised. Keep in mind that everyone has last minute emergencies, so don't assume the worst if your friend occasionally disappoints you. Watch for signs they’re trying to change you. Since friends should accept you as you are, it's always a red flag if someone is trying to mold you into someone you're not. You aren't someone's project, so don't let them turn you into one. If you recognize the following signs your friends are trying to change you, take a break from the relationship and look for new friends: They try to get you to dress like they do. They make fun of your interests. They compare you to other people. They make you do things you don't like. They try to make decisions for you. They hide or throw away your things. They make you feel insecure. Notice if they criticize you instead of offering support. While it's okay for friends to offer constructive criticism to help each other do better, it's not okay for them to constantly criticize you. Pay attention to how your friends talk to you. Make sure they're offering you support instead of dragging you down. For instance, let's say you made a mistake in a presentation and feel embarrassed about it. A good friend will say something like, “You did great overall,” or “You'll do better next time.” A toxic friend might say something like, “You should have practiced more,” or “Yeah, you were terrible.” Recognize if you're putting in all the effort. A good friend will prioritize you, so they'll put a lot of effort into spending time with you. Consider if it feels like you're always the one texting them, you make all the plans, and you have to pursue them to get them to hang out with you. If you're doing all the work, it might be time to find new friends. For instance, there should be a balance between you texting them to start a conversation and them texting you. Similarly, they should invite you to do things sometimes instead of you always reaching out to them. Pay attention to if they always seem jealous of you. Friends want the best for each other, so your friends should celebrate your successes. However, toxic friends will get jealous and competitive. Consider how your friends react when things are going well for you. As an example, let's say you have a great new partner. Your friends should be happy for you instead of jealous that they don't have what you have. Be cautious if they hold you back from making healthy choices. Friends want the best for each other, so your friends should support your self-improvement goals. That means they won't try to get you to engage in bad habits that you're quitting and won't undermine your goals. Consider if your friends help you improve or hamper your progress. If they're holding you back, it might be time to find new friends. For example, let's say you're trying to eat healthy. If your friends are actively trying to sabotage you, they're not being good friends. Similarly, if you're trying to stop drinking, good friends won't try to get you to go bar hopping with them. Look for signs that they’re manipulating you. Unfortunately, your friends can sometimes try to control your emotions, which isn't fair to you. They might try to make you feel bad for them or guilty when you didn't do anything wrong. This can leave you feeling confused. If your friends make you feel emotionally manipulated, it's probably best for you to start looking for new friends. As an example, a manipulative friend might say something like, “You don't care about me anyway,” to make you feel bad for them. Go places so you can meet new people. The best way to make new friends is to meet a bunch of new people. Attend activities or events in your area that seem fun, or join a club or Meetup that's focused on an interest of yours. This will help you meet like-minded people who might become good friends. Here are some ways you could meet potential new friends: Take classes. Attend events related to your interests. Take up a new hobby. Volunteer. Join a faith group. Invite people who seem compatible with you to hang out. When you meet a person that you think might be a good friend, ask them to hang out so you can get to know them better. Choose a casual, low-pressure activity that you think you'll both enjoy. Extend invitations to different people until you feel like you've made some good friends. You might invite them to go bowling, attend an art exhibit, visit a museum, go to an improv show, attend a local concert, or play billiards. Give your potential friends your full attention while you’re with them. When you're hanging out with your new friends, stay off your phone and don't bring up past issues with other friends. Instead, stay focused on the person you're talking to. This shows them you're genuinely interested in them and can help you build a friendship faster. Put your phone on silent so you're less distracted by notifications. Focus on getting to know the other person. Don't worry about labeling your friendship or finding common ground at first. Just ask the person questions about themself and really pay attention to the answers. Over time, you'll naturally find common ground or will realize this friendship isn't a good match for you. Trying to apply labels too soon in a relationship puts too much pressure on it, and it might scare off your new friend. Give your friendship time to grow. It's normal to want to make an instant connection, but that rarely happens. Be patient because it takes time to form a real connection with someone. Keep spending time with your new friends so that you can deepen your bond. There's no official timetable for a friendship. Sometimes you're fast friends, while other times the friendship takes a while to develop. 
Assemble your supplies. Along with your ingredients for the cake recipe, you'll also need some utensils and equipment, including: A hand mixer or stand mixer Cake pans: one 9-by-13-inch pan, two nine-inch pans, or one Bundt pan Grease or parchment paper A large mixing bowl A large spoon or paddle Preheat your oven and prepare your pan. For this butter cake recipe, you will want your oven preheated to 350 F (177 C). While you're waiting, grease your cake pans with butter, baking spray, or vegetable shortening. On top of the greased pan, sprinkle a pinch of flour to create a light dusting. If you'd rather not used greased pans, you can instead line your cake pan with parchment paper. Cream together the butter and sugar. Add the butter and sugar to your mixing bowl. Beat the ingredients together with your mixer on low speed. Continue beating for five to 10 minutes. As the butter and sugar incorporate, increase the speed to medium, and finally to high for the last minute or two. Creaming the butter and sugar together in this way will create a light and fluffy cake that has plenty of volume, because the process whips air bubbles into the butter. Beat in the eggs. Crack each egg separately into a small bowl and beat it a little before adding it to the flour and sugar mixture. This will give you time to remove any shell pieces, and will prevent the mixture from curdling. Turn the beaters on low and have them running as you add each egg. You want the eggs at room temperature because a warm egg won't decrease the final volume of the cake. Continue beating the mixture until all the eggs have been incorporated and the mixture is smooth and yellow. Beat in the flour, salt, and baking soda. Beat on low until everything is incorporated. Don't overmix, as this will produce a cake that's tough instead of fluffy. Add the milk and vanilla. Once added, beat the mixture on low for about 30 seconds. If there is any unincorporated batter on the sides of the bowl, use the spoon or paddle to scrape it down. Increase the speed to high and continue beating for a minute or two. Pour the batter into the cake pan. If you're making more than one cake, divide the batter evenly between the two pans. Use your spoon to wipe the sides of the bowl so you don't waste any batter. Bake the cake for 25 to 30 minutes. There are a few ways to tell when your cake is ready, and they include when: The cake springs back when pressed gently with a finger The cake starts pulling away from the sides of the cake pan A toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean Allow the cake to cool. Place the cake on a wire rack and let it sit for 10 to 15 minutes. After this time, remove the rack from under the cake and place it on top of the cake pan. Flip the cake pan over and let the cake slide onto the rack. Let the cake continue cooling to room temperature before storing or frosting. Frost or store the cake. If you are going to be serving and eating the cake immediately, proceed with layering, filling, or frosting. For a cake that will be used within the week, wrap it in plastic and store it in a cool, dry place on your counter. For a cake that will be used within three months, wrap it in plastic and store it in the freezer. Make a basic vanilla buttercream frosting. There are many different types of frostings, icings, and glazes you can use to finish your butter cake, and a vanilla buttercream is a common and delicious choice. To make this frosting: Place 1 cup (225 g) of softened butter in a mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat on medium for about three minutes. Working in 1/2-cup increments, add 3 to 4 cups (345 to 460 g) of confectioner's sugar (add closer to 4 cups for a firmer icing). When all the sugar has been incorporated, turn the beaters to high and mix for 10 seconds. Add a pinch of salt and 2 teaspoons (12 ml) vanilla. Beat until incorporated. Beat in 2 to 3 tablespoons (30 to 45 ml) of milk or cream until the frosting reaches the desired consistency. Try a brown butter frosting. This is a variation on a basic buttercream, but the brown butter adds a richness and nuttiness to the frosting. To make this frosting: On medium heat, melt 6 tablespoons unsalted butter (85 g) in a small saucepan. Stir constantly until the butter foams, bubbles, and turns a golden color. This will take about four to six minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. In a mixing bowl, add butter, 3 cups (345 g) confectioner's sugar, and 1 ½ teaspoons (9 ml) vanilla. Beat on medium speed, and slowly add 3 to 4 tablespoons (45 to 60 ml) milk until you achieve the desired consistency. Indulge with a malted chocolate buttercream frosting. Chocolate is another great frosting type for a butter cake, and can add another dimension to the vanilla flavor of the cake. This recipe is similar to a vanilla buttercream, but you add chocolate and malted milk powder to the mix and use less vanilla. In a mixing bowl, add ½ cup (115 g) softened unsalted butter and 1 teaspoon (6 ml) vanilla. Mix on low to combine. Continue mixing, and gradually add in 2 cups (230 g) confectioner's sugar, ½ cup (59 g) cocoa powder, ½ cup (65 g) malted milk powder, and a pinch of salt. One tablespoon (15 ml) at a time, add in 7 tablespoons (105 ml) of milk until the frosting is smooth, light, and spreadable. Go for an orange glaze. Citrus glazes also work well with butter cakes, and they are less rich than a buttercream frosting. You can use any citrus you want, or a combination, including orange, lemon, lime, grapefruit, or any other citrus you prefer. For the glaze: In a medium bowl, whisk or beat together 1 cup (115 g) confectioner's sugar, ¼ teaspoon (the zest from a small wedge) orange zest (grated), and 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of juice from a freshly squeezed orange. Whisk until all the ingredients are incorporated and you have a smooth icing. Cut your cake. If you made a single round cake or Bundt cake and want to make a layer cake, take a sharp knife and cut the cake in half to separate the top and bottom into two layers. If you baked more than one cake and are going to layer them, don't cut them in half. Chill the layers. Place the cakes in the refrigerator for about an hour before frosting it. This will make the cake stiffer, less delicate, and easier to work with. Frost the top of the bottom layer. Place the bottom layer of cake on a cake plate. With a frosting knife or icing spatula (or a regular butter knife), spread a thin layer of icing on top of the first layer of cake. Refrigerate for 15 minutes before proceeding. If you want to add an extra element to your cake, consider adding a layer of fruit, jam, custard, or ganache on top of the icing. Raspberry, strawberry, and cherry are traditional fruit or jam choices to pair with cake. Add the second cake layer and frost. Carefully place the second layer of cake back on top of the first layer. With your frosting knife, apply a thin layer of frosting to the entire cake. This is called the crumb coat, and it will keep the final decorative layer of frosting clean and crumb free. If you made a Bundt cake, don't forget to frost the inner well along with the outside of the cake. Refrigerate the cake for 20 to 30 minutes before applying the final layer of frosting. If you are using a glaze, drizzle glaze evenly over the top of the cake one spoonful at a time. Allow the glaze to drip down over the sides of the cake. Add the final layer of frosting. Apply a thicker and even layer of frosting over the entire crumb coat. Use the back of the spatula or knife to even out the frosting and make the surface as smooth as possible. For an added touch, sprinkle the top with fruit, coconut flakes, cocoa powder, or citrus zest. Serve immediately, or cover with a lid until you're ready to eat. Finished.  
Buy or rent a flute from a music store. Talk to the employees to see which flute is the best for a beginner. If you want to have your own instrument, consider buying the flute. Otherwise, check if the shop offers instrument rentals so you can borrow it when you need it. You can buy a starter flute for around $50 USD, but they may not be the best quality instrument. Many stores have a rent-to-own option where you can pay for your instrument over time. Slide the head joint into the end of your flute. The head joint is the part of your flute with the lip plate and hole where you breathe into the instrument. Take the head joint and the flute's main body out of the case. Put the head joint into the side of your flute by pushing and twisting it in place. Push the head joint in snugly against the main body. Avoid holding onto any of the rods or keys on the flute's body while you're putting your flute together since they could easily get damaged. Line up the hole in the head joint with the first key on the flute. Locate the first key on the main body of your flute. Twist the head joint so the mouth hole is in line with the key. Hold the flute up at eye level and look down the body to make sure the hole is perfectly aligned. If the hole is too far forward or backward, it will be more difficult to play your flute with a full tone. Push the foot joint into place so the metal pin lines up with the keys. The foot joint is the last part of your flute with a few rods and keys on it. Push the foot joint into the bottom end of your flute and twist it in place to secure it. Make sure it has a snug fit against the main body. Rotate the foot joint so the long metal pin running down it lines up with the bottom key on your flute body. Tune your flute by adjusting the head joint. Use a chromatic tuner or download a tuning app on your phone. Play a note and check if it's flat or sharp, meaning too low or too high. If the instrument is sharp, twist and pull out the head joint slightly. If your flute is flat, make the instrument shorter by pushing the head joint in further. Adjust the flute until it's in tune. Control the keys closest to the head joint with your left hand. Locate the first key on the bottom of your flutes body and rest your thumb on it so your palm faces you. Wrap the rest of your fingers around the other side of the flute. Put your index, middle, and ring fingers on the 2nd, 4th, and 5th keys respectively. Rest your pinky on the side key that looks like a paddle. Use the crook of your hand between your thumb and index finger to support the weight of the flute. Use your right hand to control the keys at the end of the flute. Use your thumb to support the bottom of the flute. Make sure your palm faces away from you so you can easily press the keys. Locate the bottom 3 keys on the main body of your flute. Put your index, middle, and ring fingers on each of the keys. Use your right pinky to press the first key on the foot joint. Keep your fingers curled so your hands make a C-shape while holding your flute. Don't press down on the keys immediately. Instead, keep your fingers resting on top of them. Hold the flute parallel to the floor. The end of the flute can point slightly downward. Sit on the edge of a chair so your back is straight and you're looking ahead. Keep your arms relaxed and away from your body as you raise the flute to your mouth. Make sure the flute is parallel to the ground rather than angling it down. If you want to play your flute standing up, keep your feet shoulder-width apart and firmly planted on the ground. Position the hole underneath the center of your bottom lip. While you're holding the flute parallel to the floor, set the lip plate underneath your bottom lip. Balance the flute between your chin and bottom lip for the most support. Make sure the hole is directly in the center of your lips to achieve the best tone. If the hole is misaligned, you may not produce a full sound while playing your flute. Tighten the corners of your mouth while keeping your lips smooth and relaxed. Firm up the muscles in the corners of your mouth, but not so tightly that your lips are wrinkled or pursed. Pretend that you're saying the letter “M” to get the right lip posture, or embouchure. Blow air from the middle of your lips toward the hole. Slightly open your mouth like you're about to say the letter “P” to blow air into the instrument. Exhale a deep breath in a controlled stream toward the hole to play the flute. The air will travel through the body of the flute and create notes. Don't open your mouth too wide or else the air won't travel into the instrument. If you don't hear any sound coming from the instrument, try slightly pushing your jaw forward or backward to direct the air flow. Move your tongue back and forth to make short notes. While you're playing your flute, move your tongue like you're saying the word “too.” This will help separate the notes you're playing from one another rather than them sounding like they're gliding together. Alternate moving your tongue faster and slower to transition between a quick series of short notes and longer, separate notes. These notes are referred to as “staccato.” Change the speed of your breath to adjust the pitch of your note. Take a deep breath and exhale slowly across the hole on your flute to hit notes in a lower register. Then with your next breath, tighten the corners of your mouth slightly more and exhale quickly to make a higher pitched note. Practice alternating between high and low notes so you can develop better range while you play. Make sure your lips stay smooth and unwrinkled or else you may not play with a full tone. Look at a fingering chart to learn how to play different notes. Fingering charts can help you learn how to play through the notes in a scale. Look for a fingering chart for the type of flute you have so you can see which keys you need to press for each note. Work through each fingering while you play so you can easily change between the notes. Many instructional flute books will come with a fingering chart so you can easily reference them. 
Mix the maida and cornflour with salt to make a thick batter. The batter should be consistent enough to coat the paneer smoothly. Dip the paneer cubes in the batter.  Deep fry the coated paneer cubes. After deep frying, drain on a paper towel. Cut the onions and capsicum into fine cubes. Slit the green chillies and crush the garlic cloves roughly. Heat a pan with 2 teaspoons of oil. Add the crushed garlic and green chillies. Give it a stir. Add the onions. Fry till they turn slight brown. Add the capsicums. Mix it on a high flame. Reduce the flame. Add the sauces, pepper and salt. Mix it well. Add the deep fried paneer cubes and lemon juice. Mix till all blends well. Place the fried paneer cubes on plates.  Pour the spicy sauce over the top.  Add the coriander leaves around the dish.  Serve hot. Serve with tasty fried rice or use it as a starter dish. 
Position the jack on flat, level ground. This prevents the jack from rolling while you work on it. It also keeps the oil level so you can fill the chamber accurately. Also place the jack somewhere that can get dirty, just in case you spill some oil. If you don't want oil in your driveway, try doing this in the street. Open the release valve. This lowers the jack so you can access the filler plug. Different jacks may have different release mechanisms. On some jacks, turning the handle counterclockwise lowers the press. On others, you have to press a release valve in a different spot. If you're unsure how your jack releases, consult your owner's manual. Keep the release valve open while you work. Remove the cover plate if your jack has one. Depending on your jack model, there may be a cover plate that protects the jack's internal mechanism. Remove any screws holding this cover in place. Then lift the cover off. Depending on the type of jack you have, the cover plate might come off entirely or just lift up. If the plate comes off, keep it in a safe place so you don't lose it. Usually these screws require a Phillips head screwdriver, but check your particular model to see what type of screwdriver you need. Don't lose the screws you remove. Keep them in a safe place so you can put the cover back on later. Wipe the area around the filler port plug. The filler port is where you will pour the oil. To prevent contamination, use a rag and clean off the area around the filler plug. This keeps dirt out of the oil reservoir. If your jack is old and there is a lot of caked on dirt around the fill plug, try spraying a hose or pressure washer to remove the gunk first. Remove the filler port plug. This plug is underneath the cover plate on most jacks. Depending on your jack model, the plug might unscrew or just pop out. If it is a screw type, use a screwdriver and turn counterclockwise to remove the plug. If it pops out, insert a flathead screwdriver under the plug and lift it out. If you can't locate the filler port, check the owner's manual for your jack. Be careful not to damage the plug when you remove it. If it doesn't come out easily, stop and reassess what you're doing. Don't force it out. Fill the reservoir with hydraulic jack oil. Pour until the oil is just below the lower rim of the fill hole, then stop. Wipe away any excess oil on the rim before replacing the plug. Use a funnel to avoid spills. Do not use any other type of oil besides hydraulic jack oil. Motor oil or brake fluid will not work. Replace the filler plug. Either push the plug back into the hole or screw it back in by turning it clockwise. After the plug is in place, follow the procedure to bleed air out of the hydraulic system. Do not replace the cover plate yet. You still need to bleed the air from the mechanism before moving on, and the cover plate will get in the way. Depending on the jack model, you may also have to keep the fill plug out while you bleed the air. Consult your owner's manual for the correct process. Confirm that the release valve is open. The release valve should still be open from when you filled the jack with oil, but double check. Open the release mechanism completely to lower the jack. Leave the release valve open while bleeding the air. The bleeding process is important because air can build up in the hydraulic system while you change the oil. If air is in the system, the jack won't rise properly and could even collapse. Bleeding the jack removes the air and makes the jack function correctly. Pump the handle quickly 10-15 times with the release valve open. This pushes air out of the jack system. With the release valve open, the jack shouldn't rise while you pump. If it starts rising, double check to make sure the release valve is open. Some jack models have different variations on how to bleed the air. Check with your owner's manual to see if your model uses a different method. Close the release valve and test the jack. Turn the handle clockwise to close the release valve, then pump the jack. It should rise in smooth, even motions. Pump it all the way to the top and then release it. If the jack is jerky or doesn't rise to the top, there is probably still air in the system. Repeat the bleeding procedure in this case. Replace the cover plate. With the process done, you can now reinstall all the pieces you removed. Put the cover plate back in place and screw it in with the screws you removed before. 
Scrape off any excess paint from the brush. Start by removing as much paint from the brush as you can by scraping it against the rim of the paint can or by using a clean cloth. Try pulling off any clumps or strips of paint from the bristles with your fingers. Don't damage or fray the brush by scraping it too hard. Combine dish soap and warm water in a bucket. Fill a bucket with enough water to cover the bristles of the paintbrush and add a few drops of dish soap. Mix the water around to combine it with the soap and make it nice and sudsy so the soap can penetrate the bristles of the brush. Use warm, not hot water. You don't want to burn yourself! Swirl the brush in the soapy water to remove the paint. Work the paintbrush around in the soapy water to get the paint off of the bristles. Use your fingers to separate the bristles and scrape off any clumps or strips of dried paint attached to them. Rinse the brush with clean water. Use a hose or faucet to rinse off the soap from the brush. Work off any remaining flecks of paint by using your fingers while you rinse the brush under the clean water. Separate the bristles with your fingers while you rinse the brush to penetrate deep into the brush and remove any last bits of paint and soap that may be lodged in it. Use a brush comb or wire brush to scrape off any paint left on the brush. Once you've removed the soapy water, use a brush comb or a wire brush to comb out the bristles on the brush. This will put all of the bristles back in line and remove any last little bits of paint stuck on the brush. Don't scrape the bristles too hard or they could stay bent. Combing the brush also ensures it will dry evenly. Dry the brush with a cloth or paper towel. Shake the brush to remove the excess water, then blot the brush dry with a clean cloth, paper towel, or newspaper. The brush doesn't need to be completely dry, but you don't want to store it while it's waterlogged or it could damage the bristles. Try not to bend or warp the bristles on the brush when you dry it. Wrap the brush with newspaper so it keeps its shape. After you've cleaned and dried your brush, reshape the bristles with your fingers so they're even. Then wrap the end of the brush in newspaper so the brush will retain its shape when you store it. Hang or stack the brushes when you store them so the bristles don't get bent out of shape. Put on protective equipment and work in a well-ventilated area. Paint thinners can emit toxic fumes and cause chemical burns if it gets on your skin. Wear protective rubber gloves and a face mask to avoid exposing yourself to the chemicals. Work in a well-ventilated area so the fumes don't build up in the room. Open a window or turn on a fan to increase air circulation in the room. Consider cleaning the brushes outside to reduce the risk of exposure. Pour paint thinner into a clean container. Use a clean jar or plastic container and add enough of the paint thinner to cover the bristles of the brush. Be careful not to splash or spill the paint thinner when you pour it. Clean up any paint thinner that you spill immediately. Swirl the brush around in the paint thinner for about 30 seconds. The solvent will quickly start to remove the paint from the brush and you'll notice that the paint thinner will turn the color of the paint. Gently move the brush around in the paint thinner to strip off the paint. Do not soak the brush for longer than 30 seconds or the solvent will weaken the bristles. Run a brush comb or wire brush through the bristles. After you've swished the brush around in the solvent, take a wire brush or brush comb and gently comb through the bristles of the brush to break up any clumps of paint. Be careful not to bend or strip the bristles from the brush. Run the comb or wire brush through the bristles about 10-15 times. Fill the container with clean paint thinner and swirl the brush again. Dispose of the dirty paint thinner in the container and refill it with the same amount of clean paint thinner. Dip the end of the brush into the paint thinner and swirl it around to remove any last bits of paint stuck to the brush. Be careful not to soak the bristles for more than 30 seconds or they could become too weak to be used. Rinse the brush with clean water. Hold the brush under a faucet or garden hose to rinse off the paint thinner. Use your fingers to gently dislodge or remove any last flecks of paint that may be present on the bristles of the brush. Dry off the brush with paper towels or a rag. Shake off the excess water from the brush then use a paper towel or a clean rag to dab the bristles dry. The brush doesn't need to be completely dry, but it shouldn't be sopping wet. Storing a waterlogged brush can cause the bristles to crack. Dab the bristles gently. Don't bend or warp them when you dry them. Reshape the bristles of the brush before you store it. Use your fingers to reform the brush and line up the bristles. Stack or hang the brush when you store it so the bristles don't bend. Add 4 cups (950 mL) of vinegar to a pot. Use distilled white vinegar and pour it into a pot. Make sure the pot has enough room to hold the vinegar without any spilling out. You can also use apple cider vinegar if you don't have white vinegar. Vinegar is great for softening paint that has dried on a paint brush. Use vinegar to loosen oil-based, latex, and water-based paints. Heat the vinegar to boiling then remove it from the heat. Set the pot on high heat to bring it to a rolling boil. As soon as the vinegar starts to boil, turn off the burner, and remove the pot from the heat source. Pour the hot vinegar into a container. Use another pot or a container that can hold the hot vinegar without melting. Be careful not to splash and burn yourself as you slowly pour the hot vinegar into the container. Make sure the container allows you to soak the bristles of the brush. Use a glass jar or a small pot so the brush can fit into it. Soak the paintbrush in the vinegar for 20 minutes. Lean the handle against the rim of the container and allow the bristles to rest in the hot vinegar for 10 minutes. If the paint hasn't softened after 10 minutes, let the brush soak for another 10 minutes to make the paint easier to be removed. Gently swirl the brush around in the vinegar to allow it to penetrate deep into the bristles of the brush. Use a brush comb or wire brush to scrape off the paint. After the brush has soaked and the paint is loosened, take a brush comb or wire brush and gently run it through the bristles of the brush. The paint should come off as you brush. Gently brush about 10-15 times to remove the paint. Rinse the brush with clean water. Once you've removed the paint from the brush, run the bristles under a faucet or a hose to remove the vinegar. Use your fingers to remove any flecks of paint that may still be lodged in the bristles. Make sure you don't bend or strip the bristles from the brush while you rinse it. Dry the brush with a clean cloth or paper towels. Give the brush a good shake to remove the excess water, then dab it dry with a rag or paper towel. Don't wring the bristles or they could lose their shape. Gently dab the bristles to soak up large water droplets so they don't crack when the brush is stored. Store the brush by hanging it up or stacking it. To prevent the bristles from bending, store the brush by hanging it on a hook or stacking it. Stuffing a paintbrush into a container or a drawer can warp the bristles and make it ineffective. Wrap the brush in newspaper to help the bristles maintain their shape. 
Scrub inside the drain pipe to remove organic matter. Grime that builds up inside drain pipes is the perfect breeding ground for gnats. Use a wire brush or pipe cleaner to scrape away stubborn deposits of organic matter. After scrubbing the drain, bring a pot of water to a near boil, then pour it down the drain to clear the debris you've scraped. Bleach, ammonia, vinegar, and other cleaning products won't cut through deposits in your drain pipes. Clear your drains with an enzymatic, foaming cleaner. If you can't access your drain pipes with a wire brush, there are foaming products designed to eat away organic matter. Look for a product with "enzymatic" in its name or description at a hardware store. Pour it down the drain according to the label's instructions, then let it sit overnight. After letting the cleaner sit, pour near-boiling water down the drain. Foaming products work better than liquid cleaners. If you're concerned about putting chemicals down your drain, there are eco-friendly, non-toxic enzymatic drain cleaners available. Clean your drain with hot water nightly to prevent slimy buildup. Pouring hot water down your drain every night is the best way to keep your pipes clear. Aside from enzymatic drain cleaners, you should avoid pouring chemicals down your drains. Bleach, ammonia, vinegar, and other household products can erode pipes, especially older cast iron pipes. Additionally, cleaning products can react with other chemicals in your pipes. A harmful reaction could produce dangerous fumes or pressure strong enough to burst a pipe. Don't pour insecticide down the drain, as harsh pesticides can have negative environmental impacts. Trap gnats in a jar filled with vinegar. Find a used can or jar, and fill it about halfway with apple cider vinegar. Mix in a drop of dish soap to break the surface tension, which will help prevent trapped gnats from escaping. Leave the jar in an area you've seen gnats buzzing about, such as your kitchen or dining room. After you fill your can or jar, you could seal the lid and poke small holes in it with a nail or screw. That way, any gnats that don't drown in the vinegar can't escape. You could also cut a 2 liter (0.53 US gal) plastic bottle in half, and add vinegar to the bottom half. Place the top, or the part with the narrow nozzle, upside down into the base. It should look like a funnel when you're done. Gnats will follow the vinegar scent to find their way into the trap, but they'll have a hard time getting out through bottle's narrow top. If you don't have apple cider vinegar on hand, any type of vinegar will do. Other effective baits include beer or mashed banana. Try making a wine and soap trap. Fill a small cup about halfway with red wine, then mix in a drop of a dish soap. Leave the cup out on your table or countertop to attract pesky gnats. The next time you have friends over for drinks, pour an extra cup of wine with dish soap to keep gnats away from your guests' glasses. Just make sure you clearly mark the cup that has dish soap to avoid confusion. Use traps in combination with other management methods. Traps can help you monitor an infestation and decrease the number of adult gnats in your home. However, on their own, traps aren't an effective way to manage an infestation. In order to eliminate gnats completely, you'll need to combat all stages of their life cycle. Traps only kill adult gnats; they do nothing to fight eggs or larvae. Remove food sources that attract gnats. Tidy your kitchen and dining room regularly, wipe up spills immediately, and promptly wash used pots, dishes, and utensils. Store fruit, especially ripened fruit, in the refrigerator. Always keep food in airtight containers stored in a closed cabinet or refrigerator. Keep your eye out for sneaky spills, such as a little fruit juice by the fridge or a forgotten onion in the back of the pantry. Unnoticed messes could breed thousands of gnats. Cover your garbage and recycling bins. Keep all of your bins covered, including those outside. Check their exteriors for spills and food residue regularly, and wipe away any messes with a mild bleach solution. Avoid keeping full bags of trash in the house overnight. It's wise to rinse out empty bottles and cans before throwing them in your recycling bin. Check doors and windows for holes, gaps, and cracks. Repair any tears in window screens, and add weatherstripping to gaps around doors and window frames. Avoid leaving doors and unscreened windows open. Look for holes and vents on your home's exterior, and seal them with caulk or fine mesh screens. Some gnats are small enough to fit through mesh screens, so you might want to keep your windows closed, even if they're screened. Try to eliminate damp spots in your home. Gnats thrive in moist places, so look out for damp corners in the kitchen, bathroom, and other areas of the house. Wipe damp spots down with a mild bleach solution or household cleaner, then dry them with a clean cloth. Store wet towels and clothes in a lidded hamper, and wash dirty mop heads thoroughly before hanging them to dry. Check the areas beneath kitchen and bathroom sinks, and repair any leaks you find. Keep your blinds and curtains open to let sunlight into your home. Daylight can help prevent dampness. You could also use a humidity monitor and dehumidifier to keep humidity levels in your home below 50%. Allow the soil to dry out before you water your houseplants. Soil that's constantly damp attracts pests, including gnats, and promotes mold growth. While you shouldn't let your plants wilt or turn yellow, try to hold off watering until the soil is completely dry. To test the soil, stick your finger about 1 to 2 inches (2.5 to 5.1 cm) into the surface. If dirt sticks to your finger, it's probably best to hold off watering, unless your plants look sad. It's also best to use containers with drainage holes in the bottom. If your pots sit on saucers that collect excess water, be sure to drain them after you water your plants. Add beneficial nematodes to your soil. Nematodes are tiny worms that eat the larvae gnats, fleas, and other pests. You can purchase them at a garden center; look for a product labeled for gnat control that contains the nematode species Steinernema feltiae. Typically, you mix beneficial nematodes with water, then add the mixture to your soil. Check your product's label for specific instructions. Beneficial nematodes are safe for people, plants, and pets, so try not to get grossed out or worry about harmful health effects. Make a homemade gnat spray with gentle liquid soap and water. Mix a teaspoon or less of gentle hand or dish soap with a 1 US pint (470 mL) of lukewarm water. Add the mixture to a spray bottle, then spritz your plants' leaves. After 2 or 3 hours, rinse the leaves thoroughly with water. While they're more expensive, you can also purchase insecticidal plant soaps at a garden center. Using a homemade soap spray increases the risk of leaf damage. It's wise to test the spray on a small area before spraying an entire plant. As a rule of thumb, if a soap dries out or irritates your skin, it's probably too harsh for your plants. Repot your plants if other methods don’t work. If you haven't had success keeping flies out of your plants, it's time to transplant them. Water the plant, remove it from the old pot, then gently shake away as much soil as possible from the root system. Fill a new pot nearly to the top with fresh potting soil. Dig a hole in the center large enough to accommodate the roots, bury them, then cover them with soil. If your gnat problem persists after transplanting, you might need to resort to chemical treatment. Head to your local garden center for a plant-safe liquid insecticide labeled for flying insects. 
Select a close-fitting shirt. Baggy shirts will hinder your ability to move quickly around the court, so choose something form-fitting. It should be long enough to cover your stomach, but not so long that it hangs down over your thighs. Many women wear tank tops or t-shirts, but you can also wear a long-sleeved workout shirt to protect your forearms from the impact of the ball during passing. Cotton is a popular material for t-shirts, but it absorbs a lot of moisture and doesn't dry quickly. Try choosing a shirt containing nylon or spandex, both of which help to wick moisture away from your skin. Choose a sports bra. Regular bras with underwire will not offer adequate support for the amount of movement you'll be doing while playing. Sports bras come in a variety of styles, like racerback and front-fastening, and offer varying levels of compression. Visit a department store to get fitted for a sports bra to be sure you're wearing the right size. Select a pair of spandex shorts. Spandex will fit snugly to your body and give you the most freedom of movement. Regular gym shorts may be alright, but check with your coach to be sure. Move around in your shorts ahead of time: jog, squat, and lunge. Make sure the shorts do not easily ride up or slide down. Pick a pair of running shoes. These should lace up, provide good arch support, and not be able to leave any black marks on the gym floor. If you're serious about playing volleyball long-term, invest in a specialty pair of volleyball shoes. These will weigh less and provide even more support and traction than regular workout shoes. Volleyball shoes can be purchased online or at sporting goods stores, where a sales associate can help you figure out the proper size. Select crew or knee socks. What type of socks you wear is a personal preference, so choose what feels best to you. Knee socks may offer added protection of the skin on your legs if that's a concern. Avoid ankle socks, since those can easily slip down into your shoe and distract you as well as cause blisters. Consider socks that offer special features, like moisture control, built-in arch support, cushioning for the ball of your foot, or blister control. Buy knee pads. You should invest in a pair of knee pads if you're at all concerned about hurting your knees as you dive for a ball. Visit a sporting goods store to get your knees measured and fitted for the right pair of knee pads. Tie your hair back. Put your hair into a ponytail or braid if it's long. Try to keep short hair off your face using a headband or hair clips. This applies to bangs as well – pin them back or use hairspray to keep them away from your forehead. Remove any jewelry. Wearing earrings, necklaces, bracelets, or rings can injure you or someone else on the court. Be sure to take all of those items off beforehand and store them somewhere safe during practice. Select a close-fitting shirt. Find a short-sleeved or sleeveless shirt that fits snugly and is comfortable to move in. Choose something made of breathable, synthetic fibers that will wick sweat away from your body. Select close-fitting shorts. Men don't typically wear spandex shorts as tight or as short as the women do. But your shorts should still be more snug than a normal pair of baggy workout shorts. Choose a pair that will allow you to move around without sagging down. Choose comfortable socks. These can be crew, calf-height, or knee-height, depending on your preference. Avoid socks that are mostly cotton since these will absorb moisture and be slow to dry. Look instead for socks that have acrylic or synthetic fibers and keep your feet dryer to help prevent blisters. Pick a pair of workout shoes. Unless you're serious about playing volleyball, you can just start with a good pair of running or gym shoes. Be sure that they fit well, offer good arch support, and won't leave black marks on the gym floor. If you decide to play volleyball long-term, visit a sporting goods store to get fitted for volleyball shoes, which provide more traction and support than ordinary gym shoes. Consider buying knee pads. Many men opt not to wear knee pads, but some do, so decide if knee pads are right for you. They protect your knees from injury and pain when you have to dive for a ball, but some players think they're uncomfortable and bulky. 
Pick a pan with raised ridges. Generally, grill pans with dramatically raised ridges are better than those with gentle or shallow ridges. Ultimately, the deeper the ridges, the more dramatic your sear mark. In addition, the larger the ridges, the more grill-like your final product will appear. Look for a grill pan with ridges that are taller than ⁄ 2 centimetre (0.20 in). Choose a cast iron pan. Cast iron pans tend to retain more heat than pans with a nonstick surface. In addition, cast iron pans tend to mimic the grill better than nonstick surfaces. Finally, cast iron pans will sear your food better than nonstick pans. While nonstick pans are easier to clean, they won't cook your food the same way. Avoid using a cast iron grill pan if you have a ceramic stovetop. Go with a square-shaped grill pan. Round grill pans work fine, but they offer less surface area than square grill pans. With a square grill pan, you'll have more room to cook your favorite meats and vegetables. Look for a grill pan with a matching press if you want defined grill marks. Some grill pans come with matching presses you can use to press the down the food as it cooks to enhance the grill marks. You can still get grill marks without a press, but they may not be as defined or even. Get a pan with a lid if you want your food to taste like it was made on a grill. When you cook on an actual grill, you usually close the grill lid to trap in heat, smoke, and flavor as the food cooks. Covering your grill pan with a lid while you're cooking food on it can help create the same effect. Rinse and dry the pan. Before you use the pan to cook on, quickly rinse it with warm water. This will make sure any dust that accumulated on the pan while it was being stored is washed away. After rinsing, dry the pan with a clean cloth. Cut your food into relatively thin slices. Because you're trying to simulate the grilling experience without burning your food, you'll need to slice your food relatively thin. This way, your food will get char marks and a smoky taste but won't burn while you're trying to cook the inside. Some foods you can prepare using a grill pan include: Thin hamburgers, slices of chicken, or steak. Bacon and eggs. Vegetable slices like zucchini, potatoes , carrots, peppers, or onions. Brush oil on the food. Before placing your food on the pan, carefully brush oil on your food. By brushing oil onto the food instead of the pan, you'll make sure the food doesn't stick and the oil doesn't burn on the pan. Use an oil with a high smoking point, like peanut oil, canola oil, avocado oil, or soybean oil. Avoid using olive oil, which has a low smoking point. Avoid brushing oil on the entire pan, as it may burn. Preheat the pan on medium high. Allow the pan to heat for at least five minutes. By doing this, you'll make sure the entire surface of the pan is equally hot. This will ensure your food cooks evenly. In addition, it'll help you get good char/grill marks. Place your food on the pan. When the pan has had sufficient time to heat up, you'll need to gently place your food in it. Do so with tongs or other grill equipment. Allow half an inch (1.25 cm) between large items (like pieces of chicken or steak). Lay the food perpendicular to the grill ridges so you get grill marks. Cover the pan. While grill pans seldom come with covers, covering the pan may increase the speed with which your food cooks. In addition, it may enhance the smoky/charred flavor. To cover your pan, carefully place a lid or upside-down metal bowl over the food on the grill pan. Avoid moving food for about one minute. Once you place the food onto your grill pan, you shouldn't flip it or move it for about a minute. By leaving it in place, you'll help create those sear/grill marks that add so much character to your food. Rotate or move your food after a minute or two if needed. If you think your food is burning or cooking unevenly, use tongs to rotate the food slightly. Depending on the food, your pan, and your stove, you may need to experiment to determine how often you need to rotate your food. Keep in mind that rotating the food will cause the grill marks to be diamond-shaped instead of straight lines. Flip your food. Once you've rotated your food and allowed it to sit for several minutes, you'll need to flip it. Flipping it is important so that you cook the food evenly. In addition, flipping your food will help prevent burning. If you're cooking steak that is about 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick, allow it to sit for 3-5 minutes on one side before moving or flipping it. If you're cooking chicken that is about 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick, allow it to cook for 5-10 minutes on each side. Let pork cook for 6-7 minutes on one side before flipping it. Flip burgers after 3 minutes. Cook bratwurst for 5 minutes before flipping. Allow shrimp to cook for 2-3 minutes before flipping. Let vegetables cook for 3-4 minutes on one side before flipping them over. If you notice your food charring or burning too much, flip it more. If it continues to burn, turn your heat down. Take the temperature of your food. If you're cooking meat, you should take its temperature before you remove it from the pan. This way, you'll make sure the inside of the meat has risen to minimum temperatures that will guarantee it is safe to eat. Without taking the temperature, you'll simply be guessing about whether the food is done and safe. Shellfish should be cooked to 145 degrees Fahrenheit (63 degrees Celsius). Poultry should be cooked to 165 degrees Fahrenheit (74 degrees Celsius). Beef, pork, veal, and lamb should be cooked to 145 degrees Fahrenheit (63 degrees Celsius). Ground meat should be cooked to 160 degrees Fahrenheit (71 degrees Celsius). Clean the pan with hot water. After you've allowed the pan to cool, rinse it thoroughly with hot water. Then, take a clean cloth, soak it in hot water, and carefully wipe the pan down. Focus on the grooves in between the ridges. To clean them good, take your finger, cover it with the cloth and wipe along the groove. Rinse the cloth from time-to-time. After cleaning the grill pan, dry it thoroughly with a towel. Allowing it to air dry will invite rust. Season the pan if it's cast iron. Before storing a cast iron grill pan, you want to rub a light coat of vegetable oil onto the pan with a paper towel. Then, place the pan on the middle rack of your oven and set your oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit (190 degrees Celsius). Let the pan bake for 1 hour, turn the oven off, and allow the pan to cool. Seasoning your pan after each use may increase the effectiveness of your cooking and prolong the life of your pan. Store the pan in a dry location. When storing your cast iron grill pan, you'll want to make sure to put it in an area that is dry. If you put it in a humid location – like in an outside storage area – it could wind up rusting. As a result, try to store it in a pantry or another location that is cool and dry. 
Brush out your hair. Brush your hair with a brush or comb to remove any knots and tangles from your hair. You want your hair to be as manageable as possible when creating a new hairstyle. Decide where you want your bump to be. There are many ways to wear a bump in your hair. Some like the bump high, toward the front of their head, while others prefer the bump toward the crown of their head. It's all a matter personal preference. Creating a bump toward the front of your head requires less hair, while creating a bump toward the crown of your head requires a bit more hair. Bumps that are toward the front of the head work well for getting bangs and fringe out of your face. Bumps made toward the crown of the head, work well for certain up-dos and creating retro-inspired hairstyles. Separate your bump hair section. Use your fingers or the tip of your comb to gather the section of hair you wish to use to make your bump. Be sure that the section of hair that you separate for your bump is centered on your head. If you're making your bump toward the crown of your head, gather your hair starting from the front sides of your head, and stop gathering toward the top of the crown of your head. This section of hair shouldn't include hair lower than the bottom of the crown of your head. If you're making your bump toward the front of your head, gather your hair spanning from around your two temples on the sides of your head, and stop gathering your hair section just before the crown of your head. Create a bump without teasing. While many people find that their bumps remain fuller and more secure when their hair is teased, it is not mandatory. If you don't want to tease, simply gather the bump section of hair, pinch the hair where you want the back end of the bump to be, push it forward a bit to create a bump, and secure down the base of the bump with bobby pins. You will need at least one bobby pin on each side of the bump, but two on each side will give you better hold. Cross the bobby pins on top of each other for the best results. If you have afro-textured hair, you can easily create a bump without teasing. Simply blow dry your hair out and pull the bump section back. Then pinch the base of your bump and push it forward, securing it with bobby pins. If your hair is short enough, you can fold the ends of your hair under the bump before securing it with bobby pins. You can use some hairspray to keep your bump in place and tame flyaways. Section out your hair for teasing. If you do plan to tease your hair, you should do so in small sections to create the most volume. Depending on the amount of hair you have, you should plan on dividing the bump section into three or four layers. You will tease the two to three bottom layers of this hair, but leave the section closest to your face un-teased. You may want to separate the front section of your bump (the part that won't be teased) now in order to avoid accidentally pulling it into one of the other sections. You can twist it off to the side and secure it with a bobby pin to keep to separated. Start teasing the first section. Hold the bump section of your hair straight up and separate the bottom layer of hair for teasing. You can let the other layers of the bump fall forward or to the side, but keep holding the layer you are working with straight up. To tease, use your other hand to comb your hair backwards from the ends to the roots with a fine-toothed comb. Before letting go of your hair, spray underneath this layer with some hairspray. It's best to allow your hairspray to set for approximately five to 10 seconds before you release your hair. Then you can gently flip the portion of hair back toward the back of your head. Once you're done teasing, your hair should have quite a bit of volume to it. If you want it to stand up even higher, tease it some more. Don't worry if it looks messy, as you will be combing un-teased hair on top of it. You shouldn't need to use very much hairspray. A quick spray should be fine. Continue teasing your hair section by section. Once the first layer of your bump has been teased, continue using the same method to tease the remaining layers. (You will have one or two more layers, depending on the thickness of your hair.) Remember to keep the front section of your bump separated and un-teased. Keep in mind that the more you tease your hair, the sturdier your bump will be, but your hair will also be knottier. Consider adding in a bump tool. This step is optional, but some people like to create their hair bump with the help of a bump tool. Bump tools are small pieces of plastic that you can place between the teased layers of your hair to add more volume to your bump hairstyle. They are available online and at many retail stores. They come in different sizes to create large and small bumps.  To insert the bump tool, simply separate the teased section of your hair into two halves and place the bump tool on your scalp between the two layers, right near the roots of your hair. You may have to wiggle the bump tool a little to help the plastic teeth stick to your hair. Use your fingers to spread out the top section of your teased hair so that it completely covers the bump tool. The bump tool should be hidden by your hair. You can use a comb to lightly comb your hair over the bump tool, and spray a little bit of hairspray to keep everything in place. Your teased hair covering the bump tool doesn't need to look perfect because you are going to cover it with your un-teased portion of hair. Cover the teased hair with smooth hair. Whether you use a bump tool or not, when all of your teased portions of hair are flipped back, flip the smooth, un-teased section of hair over the teased portions. The teased portions of your hair will be poofed up and high. (That is where the bump look comes from.) Use your fingers to evenly spread your hair out, and lightly comb over your hair to smooth everything over. Don't comb over your smooth portion of hair using a lot of pressure, or you may flatten out your voluminous bump. Secure your bump. When you are satisfied with your bump, insert bobby pins at the base of the bump from both the right and left sides to secure it in place. You may want to use two or more bobby pins on each side to make sure your bump doesn't move around. You can use an elastic hair tie to secure the bump, but bobby pins allow your hair to naturally fall down the back of your head, whereas a hair tie will put your hair in a small ponytail. To get more height in your bump, consider pinching the base of the bump, and pushing the bump forward slightly, to give it more height. Your hairstyle can be complete with a bump as is, or you can curl the ends of your hair to give your style a softer look. Create a bump ponytail. This style works great with a bump positioned near the crown of your head, and can be made with longer or shorter hair (as long as you can fit it into a ponytail). When you section your hair to make your bump, separate your hair into two parts: the part of your hair that you're going to tease (to make the bump), and the part of your hair that is going to serve as your ponytail base. Tie the bottom section of your hair, your ponytail base, with a loose ponytail holder. Tease the top section of your hair in small sections from back to front to create your bump, making sure to set each section with hairspray. Gently smooth the bump over, and remove the ponytail holder tying back your bottom section of hair. Hold your ponytail in one hand and add the hair from your bump with your other hand. Use your brush to gently work the bump hair into the ponytail and even everything out. Draw out one piece of hair about ½ an inch thick from the bottom of the gathered hair, and leave it out of the ponytail as you retie your ponytail with the bump hair incorporated. Once your ponytail is secure, wrap the loose piece of hair around the hair tie and secure it in place by tucking it into the hair tie. Use hairspray to gently set your style. Create a braided ponytail with a front bump. This hairstyle puts a unique twist on a regular ponytail, and adds a bit more of an exaggerated bump to your look. First begin by sectioning off the front portion of your hair that will create your front bump. Pin or clip this section of hair out of the way, and pull the rest of your hair into a high ponytail.  You can use some gel, shine serum, or hairspray to make sure your ponytail is pulled back sleek and smooth. Use a small section of hair from your ponytail, and wrap it around your hair tie to hide the elastic. Release your front section of hair and hold it up as you tease it. Pinch this section of hair around your crown area, approximately 3 to 5 inches (about 7 to 12 centimeters) back from your hairline. Twist your hair once, and then push it towards the front of your crown. Secure your bump with two crisscrossing bobby pins. Wrap the rest of the bump hair that is hanging out over your ponytail around the elastic hair tie, using a bobby pin to secure it. Brush out your ponytail, and loosely braid your ponytail in a three strand braid. A loose braid will make your ponytail look fuller. Secure the end of the braid with a small, clear elastic, or with one that matches your hair color. Gently pull out your braid strands to make your braid appear even fuller. Finish your look by lightly misting your hair with some hairspray. Create a half up bouffant. This hairstyle is great for channeling vintage movie stars from the 60s. A bouffant creates the look of an exaggerated bump with lots of volume, especially for those with long hair. Create two sections of hair: one from the middle-top of your head to your hairline, and one section behind that, from the middle-top of your head, to the bottom of your crown. Take the bottom section of hair and twist it around itself until you make a twisted bun with that section. Secure the twisted bun with bobby pins or a thin, elastic hair tie. This will act as the base of the bouffant. Separate the front section of hair into smaller portions, and tease each layer (moving from back to front) to create a lot of volume for the bouffant bump. Leave the very last, front portion of hair alone and un-teased, so it can be smoothed over all the teased hair. Flip the teased hair back, over the twisted bun, and use a comb to lightly brush back any flyaway hairs. Flip the un-teased portion of hair over the teased hair, and softly smooth your hair out with a brush. Use your fingernails to gather hair along the sides of your head, and hold the gathered hair in place underneath the twisted bun. Push your hair forward and upward to create a big bouffant. Pinch the hair underneath the bun and use about four to six bobby pins to hold this big bouffant in place. Once in place, gently spray with a little bit of hairspray. 
Shampoo your hair with a swim shampoo. Swim shampoos, or chlorine removal shampoos, are formulated specifically to help remove chlorine and any resulting green tint. Wash your hair thoroughly with a swim shampoo as soon as possible after you get out of the pool. Be sure to work the shampoo into a lather and let it sit for a minute before rinsing it completely. If you have color-treated hair, you can always substitute a swim shampoo for a color-safe clarifying shampoo. These shampoos are available at most pharmacies, beauty and haircare stores, and online retailers. Using a conditioner after shampoo will help you work out any tangles and keep your hair smooth. Spritz on a chlorine-removal spray instead of buying new shampoo. Some athletics stores and swim stores sell chlorine removal sprays. These are used in the shower after you rinse your hair, but before you shampoo. Hold the bottle about half an arm's length from your head, and mist all your hair with the spray. Then, use your regular shampoo to rinse the spray away. These sprays work by neutralizing the chlorine in your hair to prevent damage and irritation. Most chlorine-removal sprays are formulated to work on both hair and skin, so you can use it to remove chlorine irritation and smell on your skin, too. Try a specialty treatment if you regularly expose your hair to chlorine. Some companies that make swim shampoos also make specialty treatments. These often come as packets of a powder-like treatment that you massage into your hair in the shower. Allow it to sit for 2-3 minutes before washing it out. These treatments can be used instead of or in addition to other chlorine-removal products. Make a paste using baking soda. Mix a ¼ cup (32 g) to ½ cup (64 g) of baking soda with enough water to form a runny paste. Apply the paste to damp hair and massage it from your scalp to your ends. Then, rinse out the paste using clean water and shampoo. The baking soda will help neutralize the chlorine and lift out any green color the chlorine deposited. Your hair will feel dry after using baking soda, so follow up with a moisturizing conditioner. If you have very light hair, you may have to repeat this process a few times to fully lift any residual green color. Wash your hair with apple cider vinegar. Apple cider vinegar can work like a clarifying shampoo after you swim. Simply pour about a ¼ cup (about 60 ml) of apple cider vinegar over your head while showering. Use your fingers to work it from your scalp to your tips. Then, rinse the vinegar away with clean, warm water. There is no need to shampoo after using vinegar. If the smell of the vinegar lingers, follow up by using conditioner to get rid of the odor if it bothers you. Apple cider vinegar can be stripping, so it's not generally advisable to use this treatment intermittently. If you swim regularly, it may be worth investing in a chlorine-removal product. Try tomato product like tomato paste, ketchup, or tomato juice. Apply a thin layer of your tomato product to damp hair, working from the scalp to the ends. Allow it to sit for 10-15 minutes before rinsing your hair thoroughly in the shower. Once the water rinses clear, shampoo your hair and follow up with your regular hair care routine.  Use a wide-toothed comb to help evenly distribute the product through your hair. The red color of tomato products is thought to be particularly helpful for neutralizing the green coloring chlorine can leave behind on lighter hair. Add lemon juice to club soda to create a citrus rinse. In a small bowl, mix the juice from one lemon with a splash of club soda.Pour this over damp or dry hair, and comb through with a wide-toothed comb to evenly distribute the product. Let the mixture sit for 3-5 minutes, then rinse your hair thoroughly in the shower. Follow the rinse with your regular shampoo.  You can also add the treatment to a spray bottle and spray it over your hair. Do not try this treatment if you have a dry, cracked, irritated, or flaky scalp. Wear a swim cap. If you plan to swim a lot, a good swim cap is a worthwhile investment. Look for a silicone swim cap that is lightweight, breathable, and comfortable on your head. A good cap shouldn't snag your hair or cause headaches from wear. To get the most from your cap, be sure that all your hair is tucked underneath it before you enter the pool. Soak your hair with clean water. Before you get in the pool, wet your hair completely with clean water from the shower. This may minimize the amount of chlorinated water your hair is able to absorb once you get in the pool. Many pools have showers in the locker rooms or outside near the swimming area that you can use before and after you swim. Coat your hair with an oil before you swim. Since oil is hydrophobic (water-fearing), it will help repel chlorinated water from your hair. Liberally apply a hair oil from scalp to tip before you swim. To get the most out of the oil, use it under a swim cap. If you don't have a hair oil, you can use olive oil, coconut oil, avocado oil, or jojoba oil. Rinse your hair immediately after swimming. Even if you don't take a full shower in the locker room after swimming, at least rinse your hair. This will kickstart the process of removing chlorine and help prevent the long-term buildup of pool chemicals in your hair. 
Make sure your dog undergoes obedience training. You want your dog to easily respond to basic commands, like “Sit” or “Stay”, and that it knows its manners when it comes to jumping up, barking, and getting on furniture. Several months before the baby's arrival, dedicate 10-15 minutes each day to keep reviewing these commands and add on more difficult ones. An essential command is “Go to place”. Use a new bed as a “safe space” for your dog. Point to the location while repeating the verbal command. Reward its behavior with treats and praise. Gradually increase the time the dog stays at the designated location or remains at a certain distance by providing a toy. Introduce your dog to children. To your dog, babies and children might be frightening, namely due to their sudden movements or high-pitched sounds. Introduce your dog to children by visiting parks or schools, gradually decreasing the distance, and praising it when it remains calm. Make sure to keep the dog on a leash and consult a professional if it shows problematic behaviors, like continuous barking or growling. It might be a good idea to get the dog used to wearing a head halter so you can better control it. Later on, invite friends with babies or children to visit your home, keeping your dog on a leash and praising your dog when it exhibits good behavior. Establish new boundaries, and train your dog to respect them. Set up baby gates, and make sure your dog knows not to cross them by giving rewards when it “Sit-Stays” outside the gate. If your dog will not be allowed into the baby's room, then practice opening the door and having your dog “Sit-Stay” right outside. Close the door when you're not using the room. Desensitize your dog to baby sounds and scents. Several months before your baby's arrival, start preparing your dog for the new smells and scents, which might be overwhelming if introduced all at once. Play tapes of baby giggles, screams, and cries, gradually increasing the length and volume over the weeks. Introduce your dog to baby scents, lotions, and creams by rubbing the scents on your hands and allowing your dog to become accustomed to the new smell. Change your dog’s routine. Your new baby will completely change your routine, and as a result, your pet's routine. Make sure to gradually introduce your pet to the coming changes over several months, so he doesn't associate the baby with the disruption to its routine. Change where your dog sleeps by buying a pet bed and moving it to another room. Walk it at different times of day, and change its feeding times. You might be so exhausted the first few weeks, so consider hiring a dog walker and introducing your dog to them at an early stage. Have them take your dog out for occasional walks so your dog can get used to walking without you. Prepare your dog for a variable feeding schedule by switching its feeding times on different days. After all, you don't want your dog to panic if you accidentally sleep through its 8 am feeding. Alternatively, purchase an automatic feeder, which you can set to deliver foods at set times each day. Ease your dog’s adjustment to a baby with a doll. Having a doll, particularly one that makes sounds, around the house will allow you to prepare your pet. Lavish the doll with attention, and praise your dog when it remains calm and polite around the doll.  You may also practice walking the dog with the doll in the stroller, but make sure to never wrap the dog's leash around the stroller's handle. Change the time allotted for attention. When your baby comes, they will take up most of your attention, and if this change is instant, your dog may feel hurt or jealous. Three to four weeks before the baby arrives, start limiting the overall attention you give your pet. Instead, have short, spontaneous cuddle and play sessions, giving it less attention throughout the day. Arrange for a caretaker while at the hospital. Make sure to plan for the days you will be at the hospital, and prepare your pet for your absence. Whether you will drop your pet off at doggy daycare or a friend's home, give your dog practice by dropping them off at the location for a weekend or two. Greet your dog alone. When you first arrive home from the hospital, greet your dog with lots of hugs and cuddles. It will be very excited, so make sure it doesn't jump on your baby by introducing yourself first. Introduce your dog to your baby's smell if possible. Bring some article, like a blanket or towel, that has your baby's scent on it for your dog to sniff and get used to. Adjust your dog to your baby’s presence. For the first couple of days, keep your baby away from the dog. Let it adjust to the new sights, sounds, and smells. Give it one of the baby's blankets so it can associate the baby with its smell. After a few days, put your dog on a leash and invite it to smell the baby. Praise and pet it while it sniffs. Lavish your dog with attention when your baby is around. You don't want your dog to think that praise and attention come only when the baby isn't there. Have your dog practice “Sit-Stay” in the corner of a room while you are holding the baby, praising it and giving treats when it obeys. Be positive around your pet. Your pet's senses are probably overwhelmed, so don't isolate the dog or punish it if it acts up. Instead, reward positive behavior. For example, if your dog picks up a baby's toy, simply switch it with a dog's toy. Have plenty of toys and treats on hands to reward your pet when it remains calm and polite around your baby. Keep your pet healthy. Despite the changes to your routine, don't forget to feed your pet, play with it, or take it out for walks. In addition to 10-15 minute daily training intervals, these periods of time might be the only slots of time you have to spend one-on-one with your pet. It's important you maintain your connection with your dog, so it understands that it and the baby can coexist happily. 
Consider your theme. Sometimes a mixtape will just be some of your favorite songs, but a really impressive mixtape has a theme and conveys a message. Think carefully about the person you are making the tape for and what you hope to express to them. Think creatively. Different types of mixtape call for different stylistic approaches. A few of these are covered in greater detail below. Choose a nice mix. A great mixtape may have some familiar songs and some songs that will be new to the recipient. Choose songs you like, and think your loved one will like, but don't be afraid to push their boundaries a little. Be selective. Less is more! Don't just dump all your favorite songs onto your mixtape unless you are just trying to share some music. If you want to send a message, be spare with your selections. Use only what you need to say what you want, and no more. Order your songs carefully. Putting tracks in the perfect order is part of the art of the mixtape. Consider the narrative, tonal, emotional and musical arc of the mixtape. Craft your songs into a story. Add a name. All but the most mundane mixtapes will benefit from having a name. At the very least, a descriptive name will help the recipient keep track of what's on the tape (for example, “2010s folk music”). If it's special, make it sound special. For more tightly themed mixtapes, there is an art to coming up with the perfect name. Using the name of the person who will receive the mixtape can be very flattering to them. A name can also be used as part of a statement addressed directly to the recipient. Using a favorite lyric from one of the songs on the tape is a good way to center every song on the tape around that lyric, and encourage the recipient to think about the tape in that context. A name that succinctly reflects the theme can help make sense of the song order you choose for the tape. A mixtape named “dawn to dusk,” for instance, suggests a very specific arc of music. Add art. This doesn't necessarily mean a tiny painting or a sketch (although those are fine), it means any kind of cassette decoration you can put some effort into to create a finished product that's unique and unmistakable. Color it in. Colored markers are a time-honored tool of the cassette decorator's trade. They can brightly decorate any paper surface with minimal trouble. Try an abstract pattern or oversized, multicolored lettering. Even a plain black marker can cloak a cassette case insert in zebra stripes or dense spirals. Make it sparkle. Sequins and glitter add flash with just a bit of thin glue and a paintbrush. Be careful not to get anything on the actual tape inside the cassette, and avoid putting anything that isn't flat (like a rhinestone) on the cassette or CD itself, or the recipient may have trouble getting it to play. Save such decorations for the outside of the case. Replace the labels. With a bit of planning and some care, the cassette or CD case insert and even the tape label itself can be custom-made from scratch Use cloth-top medical tape for a nice wide label that takes marker very well. Carefully cut out a photograph or part of a magazine article and firmly glue it onto the tape (with proper holes cut out of it for the tape reels) to make a completely new label. Use the case insert as a backing board for a collage. Screw around with the content of the tape. If you're an experienced and confident mixtape creator, take your tape to the next level by filling in every possible gap between the songs to create a continuous sonic experience. Give your mixtape a background track. This takes some finesse, and causes sound quality to suffer a bit, but the result is worth the trouble. Get a long recording of something that isn't quite music, such as a poetry recital, a comedy routine, or a soundtrack of old TV commercials, and record it onto both sides of your tape first. Carefully plan your songs out – you won't get any second chances to re-record them without messing up the tape. Record your mixtape over the previous recording, leaving gaps of a few seconds each between songs. The gaps in your mixtape will be filled with the previous recording for an interesting and attention-grabbing effect. Paint a sonic landscape with filler tracks. Scrape together all the short songs (less than a minute) you can find, and use them to fill in the gaps at the end of each side of the tape. They'll serve as bookends, framing the rest of the mix in a different light. For an even more ambitious project, include any sound bites you can find in larger songs that are only a couple of seconds long, and manually record one of them between each of your regular songs as you make the tape. Select your medium: CD, flash drive or digital transfer. These days most of us listen to music on computers and digital media players, but you can still curate your favorite music into a compelling mix to share with someone special. The best ways are burning a CD, putting your music onto a small flash drive, or simply sending your tape over the Internet. Read more on how to burn a mix CD. Organize your songs into a playlist and add digital album art. Then burn your CD. Decorate your CD and CD case. Give your CD case an eye-catching cover and include the track listing on the back. Read more on how to put your mix on a USB flash drive. Gather the files into a folder on your computer. Rename each one with a number in front of the title to put them in the proper order. Include a.txt or.doc file with any track information you wish to add, as well as your cover art. Drag the folder into your flash drive's icon on your computer. Since flash drives are usually small, consider putting yours in an envelope or taping it to a card before handing it off. This way you can include some physical decorations or a handwritten note and make it harder to lose. Read more on how to send your mix over the Internet. Gather your mix into a folder and include track listing documentation and album art. Perhaps compress the folder into a zip file. Use your preferred method to send your file to your mix's recipient. Get your equipment. Making a traditional cassette mixtape requires a few special pieces of gear: a blank cassette tape, a cassette recorder, a collection of recorded music (such as LPs or CDs), and a cord to connect the tape recorder to your music player. Choose your length. There are a few different lengths of blank cassette tape commonly available. The best lengths for making a mixtape are 60 minutes (30 on each side) or 90 minutes (45 on each side). Avoid 120 minute cassettes, as their sound quality is considerably lower. Organize your music. Once you've settled on a track list list (get some ideas below), stack your recorded music so that you can work your way through the stack from top to bottom as you make the mixtape. This will help keep you from losing track of the project as you record. If you are able to get lengths for each track, do so. This will help you organize your songs around the break that comes halfway through the tape. Move songs off your computer. If your music collection is primarily digital but you would still like to make an old-fashioned cassette mixtape, all is not lost. Burn the songs you want to use onto blank CDs using your computer's optical recording drive, and then record to the tape from the CDs. Be sure that you burn a music disc and not a data disc, since data discs won't work with every kind of stereo. Alternatively, if you have a way to run your MP3 player's audio through your stereo, you can record directly from it onto the tape. Be aware that sound quality will typically take a hit if you use this method, compared to the CD method. Connect your cassette recorder to your CD player, record player, or other cassette player. There are cords that should be able to do this for most cassette players. If you can, use an integrated setup. Most stereo and hi-fi systems manufactured over the last few decades have a cassette recorder built into one of their integrated tape decks. Look for the tape deck with an extra button, which usually has a red dot on it. Put the blank cassette into the recorder deck and push play. Let the tape play for a few seconds, until the sound changes to a smooth hiss, and then stop it. Set up your music. Put the first album you are copying a song from into the appropriate player on the stereo or hi-fi. For CDs, pause the playback and skip tracks until you reach the track you want. For other cassettes, fast-forward to the song, and then stop or pause the tape. For LPs, leave the dust cover up and wait for a moment. Record a song. Push the “record” button on the recorder deck (this will push the “play” button down automatically as well), and then start playing the song you picked. Pushing “record” first ensures that none of the song gets clipped off at the start. If you're recording from an LP, drop the needle just before the song you want to record, and once the record reaches the silent space between tracks, push “record” on the tape deck. Stop recording and load the next song. Stay close to the stereo and push the “stop” button on the recorded deck as soon as your song is finished. This will stop the recording. You can then stop the first album and switch it out for the next song on your mixtape list. Fill up both sides. When your cassette reaches the end of the first side, it's time to flip it over and continue on the back. Check your mixtape. Listen to your mixtape through to make sure everything recorded correctly. If a song didn't come out right, record of that part of the tape until you are satisfied. Unless you carefully budgeted your time, it's likely that you'll end up with part of a song at the end of the first side. You can erase songs from your mixtape by recording over them while no music is playing. Write down or print out the track listing on a card and slip it into the cassette cover. Consider adding cover art, decorations, and other finishing touches. Think of a specific reason. “Just because” is a fine excuse to make a mixtape, but “you made me smile yesterday and I can't figure out how you did it” is better. Your reason will suggest themes, which can be adopted to make the mixtape more cohesive. Settle on a theme. It doesn't necessarily have to be connected to your reason for making the mixtape, but you should choose something you think your boyfriend or girlfriend will appreciate. Using the example above, you might come up with a theme of songs that mention smiling. Search for songs that fit your theme. Feel free to use novel or unorthodox interpretations of your theme to help you find more songs. Get as many songs together as you can and listen to all of them, or at least parts of all of them. Keep trying until you get it right. If you just can't seem to scrape together enough music to fill a blank tape, try to come up with a different theme instead. Narrow the playing field. Think about what your significant other likes, what you like, and how you want the theme to be expressed. Think about whether or not you can create a deeper message out of your songs by putting them in a certain order. With a little luck, you'll be able to whittle down your selections to just about the right amount to fit onto a mixtape. Spend a lot of time on the order of your songs. Order is important for this type of themed mixtape; a good song order allows the songs to flow from one to the next in a way that makes sense and adds meaning. Working all this extra detail into your mixtape is also a great way to show your significant other how much love you've poured into making it for them. Hear with the recipient's ears. Very often when you make a mixtape for a parent or other older relative, it is intended to be a way for them to sample new music. If you're going to show them a lot of new music, spend some time trying to guess whether or not they'll actually enjoy listening to any of it first. Remember, this person has very different musical tastes than you do. Pick your tracks based on what you think they will like. For this kind of mixtape, pick the catchiest and most accessible songs you can think of within the confines of whatever type of music you're planning to give away. Use your past as a guide. If you can't figure out which tracks those might be, think back to the first time you heard the albums in question. What tracks immediately caught your attention? Even if you've moved on from them now, those are the tracks most likely to make a good impression on people who haven't heard the music before. Keep other people in mind. Assuming that you are bringing your tape to work with the intention of playing it over the speakers so you can listen to it while you do your job, the most important consideration (aside from picking songs you like) is the wants and preferences of the other people who will hear the tape. Think of the children. If you work in a customer environment where children and families might be present, you should avoid songs with swearing or adult themes like violence and drug use. Be a team player. Try to pick songs you think your coworkers will enjoy, rather than just whichever tracks you feel like listening to at the moment. Use a simple theme. Deeper themes require a flow not just from song to song, but across different styles and sounds of music, which won't translate well in most workplaces. Instead, pick a plain and simple theme like “songs about days of the week” or “blues songs that sound like summer afternoons.” That way, when your coworkers hear the first song, they'll know what to expect from the rest of the tape and be able to get back to focusing on work. Consider donating your tape to work. If it's a big hit with your coworkers, think about leaving it there permanently for anyone to use whenever they feel like hearing it. The point of making a mixtape, generally speaking, is to give it to someone else anyway, so just think of it as a natural next step in the process. 
Look for rare chests on your adventures. Saddles cannot be crafted, so one of the best ways to find one is to open every chest you come across. Saddles have a small chance of appearing in most chests that you find. You'll have more luck in certain areas of the world. Locate a dungeon. You'll have the best chance finding a saddle in the dungeons scattered underground. Chests in dungeons have a 54% chance of spawning a saddle as loot. You'll know you're in a dungeon by the cobblestone + mossy stone walls, floors, and ceilings. They typically have a zombie, skeleton, or spider spawner, and one or two chests. It is possible, but very rare, to find a dungeon without a chest. With two chests, the chances are good that you'll find a saddle in one of them. Dungeons can occur anywhere in the overworld. The 29% spawn rate for saddles as of Minecraft 1.10 Head to the Nether and find a Nether fortress. Nether fortresses are another spot where saddles have a higher chance of spawning in chests. To access the Nether, you'll need to build a Nether portal frame using obsidian blocks. See Make a Nether Portal in Minecraft for detailed instructions. The Nether is a dangerous place, so make sure you bring strong gear and lots of supplies. You'll have a 40% chance of finding a saddle in Nether fortress chests. This will go down to 35% in 1.9. Find a desert temple. These structures appear in the desert biome, and the floor of the temple structure will always be at Y:64. This means that the temple may be partially or completely covered by sand. When you find the temple, look for the blue clay block in the centre of the floor. Digging this out will expose the secret chamber containing four chests. Each of these chests has a 15% chance of spawning a saddle, but this will go up to 24% in 1.9. This means you'll be almost guaranteed to find a saddle from the four chests. Watch out for the TNT booby trap when you drop into the secret chamber. Don't drop anything else first to set off the pressure plate, as all the loot will explode. Break the pressure plate to disarm the trap. Seek out a village blacksmith. Villages have a fairly high chances of spawning a blacksmith. Blacksmith's have a chest in their building, and there's a 16% chance of finding a saddle inside. Look in jungle temples and abandoned mineshafts. These two locations spawn chests that can contain the saddle, but your chances are at around 15% for each of these locations' chests. The jungle temple has two chests protected by a variety of booby traps, while abandoned mineshafts may have multiple minecart chests, depending on the size of the mineshaft. In 1.9, saddles will no longer spawn in abandoned mineshafts. Find a leatherworker villager to trade with. If you're playing the computer or console versions of Minecraft, you can trade items for emeralds, and vice versa, with villagers you find in villages throughout the world. By completing available trades, you'll open up additional trade opportunities. The leatherworker villager (white apron) can trade you a saddle as the third tier trade option. Trading is not available in Minecraft PE. Obtain some emeralds. You'll need anywhere from 9-16 emeralds to unlock the ability to buy the saddle, plus 8-10 more emeralds to purchase the saddle itself. Emeralds can be found while mining, obtained from chests, or traded for with other villagers. See Find Emeralds in Minecraft for tips on finding emeralds while mining. Open the trading window with the leatherworker. Once you have some emeralds, right-click on the leatherworker to open the trade window. Use 2-4 emeralds to purchase the leather pants. Close the trading window after making the trade. This will advance the leatherworker to the next trading tier. Open the trading window again and purchase the leather tunic. This will set you back 7-12 emeralds. Make sure to close the Trading window again to advance to the next tier. Open the trading window a third time to see the saddle. The leatherworker should now have the saddle available for 8-10 emeralds. Purchase the saddle if you have enough emeralds. Keep an eye out for saddles while fishing. The chances are low (less than 1%), but it is possible to reel in a saddle while you're fishing. You probably don't want to make this your primary method of obtaining a saddle, but if you fish a lot you may come across one. Craft a fishing rod. You can make a simple fishing rod from three sticks and two pieces of string. Sticks can be crafted from wood Planks, and string can be obtained from cobwebs and Spiders. Place the three sticks diagonally from the bottom-left of the crafting grid to the top-right. Place the two pieces of string in the other two slots of the right column. Approach any body of water. You can fish out of any water, and the results will not change depending on where you are. However, casting in water 1-2 blocks deep will result in your fishing rod losing extra durability. Fish in deeper water, if possible. Cast your line. Use your fishing rod to cast your line out to the water. Watch the bobber closely to determine when to reel in. Reel the line in when the bobber dips underwater. This indicates that you've caught something. Reeling in at the right moment will cause your catch to come flying through the air towards you. You will see a line of bubbles approaching your rod before it sinks below. Enchant your fishing rod with Luck of the Sea. This enchantment increases your chances of finding treasure while fishing. The third level of this enchantment will give you a 1.77% chance of getting the saddle, up from 0.84%. Use the Lure enchantment if you are trying to get the saddle or other treasure, as this will higher  your chances. See Make an Enchantment Table in Minecraft for more details on the enchanting process. Enable cheats. In order to access these options, you'll need to have cheats enabled for your world. There are two ways you can enable cheats, depending on if you've created your world yet or not: When creating a new world, you can enable cheats from the Create World menu. If you've already created your world, open the Pause menu and select "Open to LAN." Toggle "Allow Cheats" ON. Switch your game mode to Creative for easy access to a saddle. The easiest way to cheat and obtain a saddle is to simply open your world in Creative mode and place a saddle next to your player. To switch, open your chat window (T) and type /gamemode c. You can then select the saddle from the list of available items and place it in the world. When you switch back to survival ( /gamemode s ), you can pick up the saddle and use it. Give yourself a saddle with commands. You can use console commands to spawn a saddle in your inventory. Open the chat window by pressing T and type the following command to receive a single saddle: /give playername saddle 1. Summon a tamed horse with a saddle. If you don't want to go through the process of finding a horse to tame, you can use cheats to spawn a horse complete with a saddle. Open the chat window by pressing T and type the following command: /summon EntityHorse ~ ~ ~ {Tame:1,SaddleItem:{id:329,Count:1}} Tame a wild horse by approaching it and using it with an empty hand. You will climb on top of it, and will likely be thrown off. After a few attempts, it will allow you to remain on it and will give off heart animations. Open your inventory while on the horse. Make sure that you have the saddle available to use. Place a saddle in the saddle slot next to the image of the horse. You can now ride around on the horse, using the same controls you use to move normally. Horses can charge a jump by pressing and holding the Jump button. Remove the saddle. To remove a horse's saddle, select the horse and take it out of their inventory. Saddle a pig. You're not stuck just riding horses! You can saddle pigs and ride them around the world: While holding the saddle, Use the pig you wish to wear it. The saddle will now be attached to the pig permanently. Control the saddled pig with a carrot on a stick. After a while, the pig will run five blocks per second. You can't remove a saddle from a pig without killing it. First you'll have to find a Ravager, they they don't fall from the sky, to find a Ravager you will have to: Find a Pillager outpost or... Or Kill a Pillager captain that you can also find at outposts or on patrols. Killing a captain will give you Bad Omen effect, when you walk into a village with this effect you will trigger a raid THEN you can find a Ravager, they are a strong mob and even can have Illagers on there back, so Good luck Players (: . 
Determine whether you are introverted or extroverted. This preference is not so much about how social you are (which is what these terms are often associated with), as much as it deals with your tendency to act. When solving a problem, do you look inward first to solve the problem or outside? Extroverts find social activity energizing. They tend to enjoy socializing in groups and enjoy the excitement of parties. While they can enjoy some alone time, too much time in a calm environment can bore them. Introverts find quiet time energizing. While they can enjoy socializing (even in groups), spending time alone or one on one with someone special helps them recharge. They prefer quiet, peaceful environments. Think about how you gather information. Do you do it through sensing or through intuition? Sensors analyze the trees; intuitives take in the forest. Sensors are more concerned with questions of "what," while intuitives often wonder "why." Sensors prefer concrete detail and facts. Their focus is in facts of the present. They're more likely to say "I won't believe it 'til I see it." They tend to distrust hunches or guesses when they're not rooted in logic, observation or facts. They also are better at details. They also are very conscious about their own needs. Intuitives enjoy abstract ideas and theories. They tend to have more active imaginations and like to think about future possibilities. Their thoughts revolve around patterns, connections, and flashes of insights. They may tend to daydream and be forgetful when it comes to practical details (such as remembering to eat lunch when focused on a project). Look at how you make decisions. Once you gather your information, whether by sensing or by feeling, how do you arrive at a decision? This tends to be sorted into "feeling" (prioritizing people's emotions and well-being) and "thinking" (prioritizing logic and practicality). Feeling types try to look at problems from the perspective of everyone involved in an attempt to find the most balanced, harmonious solution (e.g. reach a consensus ). Conflict can be very stressful to them. Thinking types tend to look for the most logical and consistent solution, perhaps measuring it up against a set of rules or assumptions. Think about how you relate to the outside world. Do you tend to communicate judgments or perceptions to others? Judging types tend to be decision-oriented and organized. They like to find resolutions and are happy to explain why. They tend to be planners who make to-do lists and enjoy getting things done ahead of deadlines. Perceiving types are more hesitant to make decisions, liking to leave things open and keep making observations. They're slow to make choices, especially when things seem to be important. They'd rather keep things "penciled in" in case they find a reason to make a change. They may mix work and play and are more likely to struggle with procrastination. Use the four dichotomies (letters) to determine your personality acronym. This is a combination of four letters, such as INTJ or ENFP. The first letter is either I (for introverted) or E (for extroverted). The second letter is either S (for sensing) or N (for intuitive). The third letter is either T (for thinking) or F (for feeling). The fourth letter is either J (for judging) or P (for perceiving). Try taking a free online test or two. Typing "MBTI free test" into a search engine will give you plenty of free tests you can try. Click through the questions and you'll get results. If you're close to the borderline in one or more areas, you could get different results based on how the test is worded or what your mood is that day. Remember to answer on how you act, not how you want yourself (or someone else wants you) to feel or act. Take the official MBTI test if you want better detail. If you're unsure about the quality of what you find online, you may be interested in taking the MBTI test from a professional, like a psychologist or even a career counselor. More than 10,000 companies, 2,500 colleges and universities and 200 government agencies use the test to understand their employees and students. Look up your type's profile. Online profiles may help you develop insights about who you are and what some of your strengths and areas for growth are. It can help you understand what "sensing" or "perceiving" really mean. They are assigned titles, like "The Giver," or "The Teacher," etc. The full profile addresses your personality type in a number of environments—work, personal relationships, home, and so on and so forth. While it can't cover every aspect, and not every aspect may apply closely to you, some of the insights may be useful. Put your type to action. When you know what type you are, you can begin to understand how you might fit into the world around you. If you're an INTJ and you're a salesperson, you might be rethinking your line of work! There are plenty of everyday uses for this test. Learning: How do you take in and perceive facts and concepts? Relationships: What traits do you look for in a partner? What traits are you most compatible with? Personal growth: What positive areas can you capitalize on? Which areas of weakness can you grow from? Recognize that all types are equally valuable. No single personality type is superior to another. The MBTI seeks to identify natural preferences, not abilities. When determining your type, look at it from the perspective of what you tend to do, not what you think you should do. Recognizing your own preferences is a useful tool in self-development. MBTI is about priorities, not abilities. For example, Feeling types can be intelligent, Judging types aren't necessarily judgmental, and Thinking types can have strong emotional intelligence too. Ask others about their type. Talking about personality types can be interesting and it can teach you new things about people you know. It's a relatively common test, and millions of people take it every year. Ask people if they've taken the test. It may help you relate to and learn more about each other. You can learn from both people who are highly different from you and from people who are similar. Avoid stereotyping. Don't assume that you know someone's type based on what they look like or how they act on one specific day. And even if you do know their type, don't use it to ascribe negative traits or excuse bad behavior. You can use personality types to help you understand and interact well with someone, but don't use it to limit them. Don't use demographics like gender or disability to assume personality. For example, not all men are Thinking types, and not all autistic people are introverted intuitives. Avoid making negative comments about someone's personality type. If you're upset with their behavior, describe it as bad behavior instead of as an inevitable personality failing. For example, Thinking types can and should learn to respect others' feelings, and Perceiving types can and should fulfill their responsibilities. Don't assume that weaknesses commonly associated with your personality type are set in stone. You can learn and grow. Remember that one test doesn't define your entire life. This only considers a few aspects of how you see the world and what you prefer. There are many more aspects of your identity that aren't covered by the test. Your results aren't here to limit you, just to inform you a little. There's lots of diversity in personality that goes far beyond 16 possible combinations. These letters only capture some aspects of who you are—certainly not everything. Your personality results aren't set in stone. Sometimes you may get different results based on what test you took or what your mood is. Also, some people find that their personalities change over time. 
Talk to him softly. Try waking your hamster with the sound of your voice. Go near his cage and begin speaking softly. You may even try humming or singing until he is awake. Offer him a treat. Another way to rouse your hamster is to offer him a treat. Try holding a treat out where he is sleeping (close enough for him to smell it) and allow this to draw him from his sleep. You may use a small piece of a vegetable (like carrot or broccoli), or a store-bought hamster treat. Blow in his face. If your hamster is sleeping out in the open, another option is to gently blow in his face. Of course, you do not want to startle your hamster, so begin with a mellow release of air, and increase in intensity until your hamster begins to wake. Avoid poking him. Whatever you do, avoid jabbing or poking at your hamster. This is not an effective way to wake him up because he will immediately become defensive. If he is roused in this way, he will not want to be held or to play. Move slowly. Remember, the point is to wake him without scaring him, so avoid swift or jarring movements. Instead, whenever you approach your sleeping hamster, move slowly. This allows him to wake gently and in a good mood. Make the room dark. Hamsters begin to wake up and move around at dusk and dawn (or twilight). Thus, you may be able to wake your hamster by dimming the lights in your room. If you can make it dark enough, your hamster should rouse in response to the change in light. Change the temperature. Another idea is to alter the temperature of your hamster's environment. Hamsters sleep more when it is cold, and wake when it is warm. You can try warming up the whole room (by turning up your heat or using a space heater), or warming only your hamster's cage (by using a heat lamp or heating pad). Jiggle his food bowl. You can appeal to you hamster's sense of hearing and desire for food at the same time by reaching into his cage and jiggling his food bowl. Place a little bit of fresh food into his dish and move it around (making a subtle noise) until he wakes. Lift up his hut. Often hamsters will sleep inside of a hut (or enclosure) within the cage. One method for rousing your hamster is to simply lift up his hut. You may to choose to lift up the hut and move it to another location in the cage (exposing the hamster), or simply lift it up and put back down (which may rustle him enough to wake him up). Tap lightly on his cage. You can use soft noises in conjunction with vibration by tapping lightly on your hamster's cage. Using your finger, gently rap on his cage (near where he is sleeping) until your hamster is awake. Understand that hamsters are “crepuscular. ” Hamsters are commonly (though mistakenly) called “nocturnal,” when in fact they are “crepuscular.” Whereas nocturnal animals are most active at night, your hamster will be most active during twilight hours (dusk and dawn). Understanding this about your hamster will help you better understand and cope with his sleep patterns. Track your hamster’s schedule. If you would like to train you hamster to wake up a bit earlier (so that you can spend time with him), the first step is to track his schedule. Spend 3-5 days writing down precisely when he is asleep and awake. Feed him at the same time each day. Once you know your hamster's schedule (specifically what time he wakes in the evening), begin feeding him at this time each day. For example, if your hamster wakes each night at 8:30pm, begin feeding him at 8:30 on the dot. Do this for at least one week before moving on to the next step. Begin moving your feeding time back. Begin moving the feeding time back in 15-minute increments. For example, after the first week, you'll begin waking your hamster up a bit earlier by feeding him at 8:15pm. Continue this until he begins waking at 8:15 on his own (this should take about one week). Then, begin feeding your hamster at 8:00pm, and so on. Be patient. This technique needs to be done subtly, over time, in order for it to work. So be patient through this process. Once again, understand that it is your hamster's innate nature that causes him to wake at dusk and dawn. You are not going to alter that overnight. Furthermore, you're never going to change it completely. At best, you may be able to train your hamster to wake one hour earlier than he did before. 
Gather your supplies. Rather than buying a floral headband, making your own is quick, easy, and inexpensive. For this DIY project, you will need: 1/2” thick elastic (can be found at any craft store) An elastic headband can be used if you already own one Fake flowers (can be found at any craft store) Hot glue gun (E6000 or super glue can also be used) Scissors Measure the length of your headband. Wrap the elastic around the top of your head. Once you find the right length, hold the spot with your fingers. Unwrap the elastic from your head and use scissors to cut the elastic at the spot marked by your fingers. If you already have your own headband, you can skip this step. The headband can be any color you like; both dark- and light-colored headbands look nice. Form your headband. Use your glue gun (or other type of glue) to dab some glue on one end of your elastic. Bring the other end of the elastic to the dab of glue, and place it on top of the glue. Press the two ends together for about 10 seconds. When the glue is dried, you have your headband. Be sure that the elastic isn't twisted when you connect the ends with glue. It will make the flowers twist and be uneven when you glue them on. Take apart the flowers. Pull the artificial flowers off the stems. You should easily be able to pluck them off the stems. At the bottom of the flower, there will be a small, green stem (used to hold the flowers to the longer stems). Cut off the smaller stem under the flower so the bottoms of the flowers are flat. You can either leave the flowers whole, as they are, or pull the flowers apart to expose the different layers of petals. Glue the flowers to your headband. If you leave the flowers as they are (whole), apply glue onto the back of the flower using the hot glue gun. Then place the flower onto the headband and hold it in place for about 10 seconds. If you pulled the flowers apart to expose the layers of petals, it may be easier to place a small dot of glue on the headband, and then stick the petal layer onto the glue. Press and hold the petal layer down for about 10 seconds. Space the flowers out as evenly as you want. Continue to add flowers to the headband until you are satisfied with the headband. If you are using any glue other than a glue gun, consider first applying glue to the flower, then placing it on the headband. It will create less mess. Allow the headband to dry. If you used a hot glue gun to attach the flowers to your headband, your headband will be completely dry after about 30 minutes. If you used E6000 or super glue, let the headband dry for at least a day so nothing falls off when you try to wear it. 
Thaw the ham well before cooking if purchased frozen. A frozen ham can be thawed in a fridge overnight or soaked in cold water for a few hours. If you bought a cured ham, soaking for a few hours is suggested to remove some of the saltiness. Take the ham out of the fridge two hours before cooking to ensure that it will boil evenly. Remove the skin, if necessary. Make an incision toward the bottom of the shank (where the ham becomes more narrow) with a sharp knife and peel back the skin gently. Be sure to leave the layer of fat (the white part) intact. The skin can be saved and used as a soup base, or sliced and deep-fried for homemade pork rinds. Place the ham in a large pot. Make sure the ham won't get stuck in the pot, but also ensure that the ham isn't allowed to move that much. This will help you control the cooking process. Fill the pot up to ¾ full with cold water. Add desired seasonings, stock or wine but be careful not to overfill the pot. Bring the water up to temperature. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat so that the ham begins to simmer and place a lid on the pot. Estimated cooking time is 20 to 25 minutes per pound once the water reaches a boil. Scoop up and discard any foam that forms on top with a slotted spoon. Check for doneness with a meat thermometer. Insert the thermometer into the deepest part of the meat and read the temperature. Suggested internal temperature for ham is 155 °F (68 °C). If you're glazing your ham, stop boiling before the ham reaches 155 °F (68 °C). The glazing process requires a trip to the oven, which will continue to cook the ham. Leave the ham to rest in the liquid for several hours. The ham will continue to absorb the flavors of the seasoned water and become cool enough to handle for the glazing and/or carving process. Score the ham if you wish to glaze it. Trim the fat to about ⁄ 4 inch (0.64 cm) thick. Then make cuts into the remaining fat in a cross-hatch pattern. This will help the glaze seep deeper into the meat. If you're not glazing your ham, skip ahead to Step 4. Try not to pierce the meat itself when scoring. Make the glaze and spread it over the ham. Cover as much of the top side of the ham as you can. Place the glazed ham in a pan and put it in a pre-heated, 400 °F (204 °C) oven. Bake for 15 minutes or until the glaze has turned a nice, golden brown. Let the ham rest 20 minutes before carving. The ham will be extremely hot when it's done, making it nearly impossible to cut properly.  along the bone if you bought a bone-in ham. Carve the ham Using a sharp knife or electric slicer, make a cut parallel to the bone, then make a cut at a 45 degree angle. Remove the wedge of meat you just made, then begin making thin slices perpendicular to the bone. Take the slices you made a handful at a time and move them to a serving platter. The bone, like the skin of a fresh ham, can also be saved and used as a delicious soup base. Cut a boneless ham in half and make slices from each half. This will help regulate the size of each slice you carve. For best results, use a freshly sharpened knife or electric slicer. Refrigerate leftovers when the feast is over. Place the ham in a sealed container and enjoy it again for up to a week afterwards. If you wish to freeze the ham, you can preserve it in a freezer-safe container for up to a month. 
Understand the basics of the balance sheet. The balance sheet is called so because it shows the company's balance between assets and liabilities. The key underlying basis of the balance sheet is the basic accounting equation, which is Total Assets = Liabilities + Shareholder's Equity {\displaystyle {\text{Total Assets}}={\text{Liabilities}}+{\text{Shareholder's Equity}}}. Rearranging the equation, you can see that equity is equal to assets minus liabilities. The balance sheet reflects this relationship. All assets and liabilities are listed and added up on the balance sheet, then liabilities are subtracted from assets to arrive at a figure for shareholder's equity. Balance sheets may be constructed using accounting software. Or, you can simply create a spreadsheet or written list with two columns that can be used to total your assets and liabilities by category. Determine your assets. Your assets are anything that you own, including the cash you have on hand. Assets usually divided into "current assets" and "fixed assets." Your current assets include the cash you have on hand and what could be liquidated quickly, usually within a year. In this category, you would have things like your accounts receivable (what people owe your company), any securities becoming due with a year such as bonds or savings accounts, and your inventory. It can also include pre-payments or deposits you've made ahead of time, such as insurance for the next year. Fixed assets are tangible and known as property, plant, and equipment. These are assets with a useful life in excess of one year. There are also intangible assets that may be held on a balance sheet. These include patents, brand recognition, and copyrights, along with other non-physical assets. All of these assets need actual dollar figures in your balance sheet, these can be calculated exactly or estimated based on (and in compliance with) industry convention. Write all the information up. To write the balance sheet, you need to lay this information out in detail. That is, you need to label each asset along with the dollar amount, divided into current and fixed assets. Add all of your assets up into a total. Determine your liabilities. Your liabilities are what the company owes or has paid to other companies or people, including employees. In other words, it's the company's debt. These assets are also divided into "current" and "long-term" categories. Current liabilities include things like what you owe on lines of credit and credit cards, as well as anything owed to other companies for goods and supplies. It also includes the income and wages you've paid out to employees and taxes owed, along with unpaid rent and utilities. Long-term liabilities include long-term loans payable, bonds payable, and other liabilities that will be paid out over a time period longer than one year. Make a record of your liabilities. Just like your assets, you need to account for each liability (in major categories, such as loans, mortgages, and so on). Also, divide your liabilities on your balance sheet into current and long-term. List liabilities by category and include the value of each category next to the its name. Add up all your liabilities to get your total. Subtract your liabilities from your assets. To figure out the shareholder's equity (also called shareholder's equity), you subtract what is owed from what assets you have. A positive amount of equity indicates that the company has financed its operations with its own money or that of investors, rather than relying as strongly on debt. Have a line for your total assets. Below it, have a line for your total liabilities. Show what the shareholder's equity is when you subtract the second from the first. Expand on shareholder's equity. On your sheet, have a section where you show what the shareholder's equity is. This section will include items that represent the shareholder's interests in the company. For example, common stock, preferred stock, capital in excess of par, and retained earnings are all common shareholder's equity categories. When you've listed these categories out, sum them up to arrive at total shareholder's equity. Compare your total to the difference between assets and liabilities from your earlier calculations. If the figures don't match, either you or the accountant that keeps the company's books has made a mistake somewhere along the way. Many balance sheets are organized such that the assets are totaled on the left and liabilities and shareholder's equity are totaled on the right. This provides a more literal representation of the basic accounting equation. Start with net sales. As a general rule, the first figure listed in a company's balance sheet is net sales for the period in question. The income statement may just say "sales" or "revenue," but the figure used is net sales. Net sales represent the gross sales (total sales in the period) minus any returns, discounts, or allowance for lost or damaged goods. This is the company's "top line" and is the truest representation of sales over the period. Unlike the balance sheet, the income statement covers financial activity throughout the period in question, whether that is a month, a quarter, or a year. The income statement is organized as a reduction of net sales by various expenses faced by the company to arrive at net income (also called net profit or the bottom line). Calculate gross profit. Your first calculation on the income statement will be that for gross profit. Gross profit represents the company's profit after considering the cost of goods sold (or services provided/sales). Cost of goods sold includes the cost of all materials and labor that went directly towards producing the products that were sold over the period. Total this amount and subtract it from net sales to arrive at gross profit. List the company's operating expenses. On the balance sheet, expenses are separated into two major categories: operating and non-operating expenses. Operating expenses follow the same philosophy as the cost of goods sold. That is, they are those expenses related directly to the operations of the company. This includes the cost of selling and advertising products, administrative costs, and wages for employees involved in these departments. It also includes general expenses, such as utilities, rent, and manager salaries. Remember that materials and manufacturing labor costs were already covered in the cost of goods sold and do not need to be counted here. Separate these expenses into three major categories: selling, general and administrative expenses. When you've written out the amount of each expense, total them to find total operating expenses. Subtract total operating expenses from gross profit to arrive at operating income. Write out non-operating expenses. The other category of expenses on the income statement, non-operating expenses, are those expenses that are not directly related to operations. These include interest, amortization, depreciation, and tax expenses. There is also room in this section to record an "extraordinary gain or loss," which might arise from a massive amount of inventory theft, for example. Lay out your income statement. As you go, lay out each piece of your income statement. Net sales will be at the top. Each piece will follow in sequential order. Put the net sales on one line. Underneath that, put the cost of sales. Below that, subtract the cost of sales from the net sales to get the gross profit. Skip a line before moving on to operating costs. Put the operating costs in general categories underneath the gross profit. Generally, selling, general, and administrative costs are lumped into one, but not always. Underneath that, write the operating income that you derived from subtracting the operating costs from the gross profit. Next, have a line each for the interest and the taxes. You can subtract them separately or together. Separately gives you more precise data. The final line should be the net income. Start with net income. The cash flow is an essential number to the company because it establishes the actual cash you have on hand. It's different from your income because your income includes non-cash expenses and assets that do not affect your actual cash balance. However, in order to create a statement of cash flows, you will first need a completed income statement and completed balance sheets from this period and the previous period. The statement of cash flows is split into three pieces: cash flows from operating activities, cash flows from investing activities, and cash flows from financing activities. Begin calculating cash flows from operating activities. With operations, you're looking at how much operations bring in through cash. This step is different from what you did in your other statements because those statements include non-cash items. Here, you are focusing solely on cash. In other words, you must add some things back into the net income because they weren't really cash expenses, and therefore, won't affect the money you have to work with right now. Start with non-cash items, things like amortization and depreciation. Amortization is when the company spreads out the cost of something over time for accounting purposes. However, it is not really a cost taking away from cash flow right now. Therefore, you add that expense back in. The same with depreciation. It's a number taken away from the total amount of an asset, as it loses value over time. However, it's not technically a cash flow problem, so that expense is added back in. This method is the indirect method of figuring out cash flow. The direct method involves adding up cash flows from scratch rather than starting with net income. Figure out your cash flow in the rest of operations. Now you need to look at other items that bring in or take out cash through operations. For instance, gains or losses on sales of fixed assets are included in this category, as this activity brings in (or draws out) cash. If you have sold fixed assets within the period, such as property, you need to look at whether it was a gain or loss, then add or subtract it from the operating costs. You also need to look at changes in accounts receivable. Since accounts receivable is what other people owe the company if it goes down, that means the company has gained cash, and that needs to be added in. On the other hand, if the company has bought inventory, that signals a decrease in cash and needs to be subtracted from the cash flow. Other items that can affect the cash flow include taxes payable, insurance you've already paid, and salaries payable. Determine cash flows from investing activities. Like with operations, you need to examine how investing has affected your overall cash flow. This category is focused on long-term investments, such as equipment and buildings. This category mainly focuses on where cash has gone in the current year when it has been invested. This step can include money you've put into new equipment or other capital, such as buildings, which will be subtracted from cash flow. It can also be equipment you've sold, which would be added to the cash flow. This step also includes any money invested in the stock market, what you've bought and sold, and how that affects your overall cash. Look at the cash available from financing. The third category is financing. This section is focused on the money that is used to finance your business, such as loans. It also has to do with stock options and shareholders, and how that affects cash flow. Loans are added to your overall cash. However, your loan payments for the year are taken out of the overall cash. Dividends you pay out to shareholders obviously reduces your cash, while if you issue bonds or common stock, the issue is recorded as an influx of cash. Lay out your statement of cash flows. Start with the net income at the top, and move down through the three categories. It's best to keep the three categories separate, as then people reading the statement of cash flows can see where expenses are going in and out. Subtract and add cash as needed in each category, to reach your net increase or deficiency in cash for the year. Add in last year's cash. If you have any cash left over from last year or you started out with a deficit, add that or subtract that to this year's cash. That will give you the total amount of cash you have on hand, also called your total cash resources. 
Think more positively. The easiest way to become happier is to make an effort to be a more optimistic person. You may think that some people are more negative than others, but this is lazy thinking that can keep you from being happier than you are today. Your personal situation may not be in your control, but you can always control your perspective, and making the effort to look at the bright side of any situation instead of focusing on all of the negative aspects you see will make you be a happier person. To think more positively, you have to be ready to monitor your own thoughts. Notice when negative thoughts are creeping up and fight them with positive thoughts – and logic. How many of your negative thoughts are just a part of “worst case scenario” thinking or of your insistence on expecting the worst in any situation? An easy way to think more positively is to hang around more positive people. Their optimistic energy will rub off on you. Make a gratitude list. Reminding yourself of all of the things you have to be thankful for will instantly make you feel happier. Take a pen and paper into a quiet room and write down at least 10-15 things that you are grateful for. They can be as big as the friends and family in your life and as small as the new garden that was planted near your home. Think of anything that makes you smile and which makes your life a little happier. Having all of these things written down will help you see how much you have to be thankful for – and happy about. Keep your list handy and add to it every Sunday. Make a ritual of reading it over every time you come back to it, or reading it over at the end of every year to see how much happiness you have in your life. If you want a variation on this, you can make a “happiness jar.” Write down something that makes you happy on a piece of paper and throw it in a jar. Wait for the jar to fill up or wait until the end of the year and then have fun reminding yourself of all of the fun memories that have made you so happy. Appreciate the little things. If you want to be happier, then you have to work on appreciating the small pleasures in your life as well as the big ones. Stop and smell the roses. Literally – stop and check out all of the flowers growing near your house and see how amazing they are. Try the little pastry at your local café and enjoy its rich and complicated flavors. Spend an extra minute feeling happy after your best friend sent you a hilarious text message. These little things may not seem significant, but they do add up. Make a goal of noting at least five small things that made you happy each day. Once you start doing it, it will begin to feel natural, and you'll find yourself smiling at things you never thought were so special before. Live in the moment. Another trick to being happier is to learn to embrace the present moment instead of feeling regret for the past or dreading the future. Learn to enjoy the conversations you have, instead of thinking about where you're going to go next or worrying about that thing you said twenty minutes ago. Learn to appreciate the things in front of you, the good time you're having, and to cast away all thoughts of anything outside of your immediate experience. Obviously, this takes a lot of dedication, but you'll see your happiness level rise dramatically once you get the hang of it. Being present takes practice and you can learn to do it faster if you commit to yoga or meditation. Make time for reflection. Finding time to take stock of your experiences and to sit back and consider what the day has brought you can make you happier. You may not be very happy because you feel like you're just going through the motions and doing have time to just sit still and ask yourself, “What the heck just happened?” Find a time each day – or at least each week – where you can just sit still, stare at some scenery, and think about all of the events that happened to you. You'll feel a sense of calm and will begin to feel less overwhelmed with everything in front of you, and yes, this will make you happier. Though reflecting can be best done on your own, if something keeps churning through your mind, calling up a good friend to talk about it can also help you think about the events in your life in a new light. Stop comparing yourself to others. If you learn to look at your life on its own terms instead of wishing you had as much money, as many friends, or the same amazing body as the person next to you, then you'll be able to let go of bitterness and jealousy. Remind yourself that each and every person has his own struggles and strong suits, and that you can't have everything – and neither can anyone else. Focus on doing your own thing instead of looking around you and you'll quickly feel happier for it. You may think you know a person who has “everything,” but chances are, that person can find something about you to envy, too. Feel more compassion. Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, once said, “If you want others to be happy, practice compassion; if you want to be happy, practice compassion.” You may think that feeling compassion for others has nothing to do with your own level of happiness, but in fact, being able to feel compassion for a friend or stranger in a difficult situation can make you a more whole, self-aware, and grateful person. If you're so busy obsessing over your own struggles and never look around to see how other people are feeling, you're bound to be less happy than a truly compassionate person. The next time you spend time with a friend, make an extra effort to feel compassion. Understand the situation from your friend's perspective and ask extra questions about how your friend is feeling and show that you really care. Spend more time with your loved ones. Spending more time with the people you love – and the people who make you happy – is guaranteed to make you feel happier. If you're feeling just a little bit down in the dumps, call up a good friend or family member instead of wallowing, and plan something fun to do later. You may feel like your mopey mood will drag people down, but instead, being with your close friends will lift you up and make you feel happier. Spend time with happy people. Laughter – and happiness – really is contagious, and you should be around people who are feeling happy if you want to feel happy, too. In fact, a study done by Harvard and UC San Diego found that happiness isn't only determined by a person's individual journey, but by his social network as well. Don't spend time with people who complain. People who are always negative, love to whine, and who see the worst in every situation, are guaranteed to make you see the worst, too. Avoid these people as much as you can, especially when you feel like lifting your spirits. Fix anything that’s broken. Another way to feel happier is to take a good, long look at your life and to change whatever you can change to make yourself feel happier. Though you may not be able to make dramatic changes, like changing your career all of a sudden, there are small things you can do that can make a big difference. If something's not working for you, then fixing it will definitely make you happier. Sure, you may not be able to find a more suitable career overnight. But what you can change is your attitude about your work – remember that your career isn't the be all, end all, and that you have other things to be happy about. Small things can make a big impact. If sitting in traffic for an hour before work every morning makes you feel irritated the whole day, wake up half an hour earlier to avoid the traffic jam. Maybe you're unhappy because you suspect that you're selfish, unfriendly, a bad listener, or not being a great friend. Well, do what you can to improve in these areas – if you feel happier with yourself, then you'll feel happier overall. Spend more time outside. Just going outside and breathing in fresh air and letting the sun fall on your face is guaranteed to make you feel happier. If you have something to do that you can do outside, change your plan to accommodate the sunshine. If you were just going to read a book in your dark, stuffy room, go read in the park instead. If you're having lunch with a friend at a café, ask for outdoor seating. Being outside – provided that you're not in the middle of a storm – is guaranteed to make you feel happier. Try exercising outside over exercising in a gym whenever you can. Running that 5K in the sunshine will make you feel even happier – and will be more fun – than running on a treadmill that faces a wall. Minimize your stress. Though it's impossible to stop stressing out all at once, if you make an effort to minimize your stress, you'll feel happier in no time. Start with the small stuff – clean and organize your space so you don't get stressed out looking for something to wear every morning. Make your social calendar 25% less packed so you have more time for yourself. Avoid people and situations who cause you great stress. You'll be surprised by how much of an impact this will have on your level of happiness. Try meditating. Meditating can help you calm down your mind and body and can help you live in the moment instead of worrying about all of the things around you. Write in a journal. This can help you keep track of your life and will help you feel less overwhelmed by it all. If you're really feeling so stressed that you can barely cope with your everyday life, then consider talking to a therapist. Mix up your routine. If you want to feel happier, then all you may need is a little change. If you're not happy, it may be because you feel like you've fallen into a rut and that you're sick of doing the same old thing day after day. Try having something different for breakfast. Take that yoga class at night instead of in the morning. Hang out with a new friend instead of the same old ones. Walk to work instead of driving. All of these little things can add up and make you feel happier. Just doing one new thing a day, even if you don't necessarily like it more than that old thing you did, can make you feel happier. Spend more time pursuing your passion. Anyone would feel happier if he or she spent more time doing the thing he or she really loved. If you're a photography fanatic, spend more time taking pictures. If you love to write poems, wake up half an hour earlier each morning to work on your craft. If you love cooking, make time to cook at least twice a week. You may not think that pursuing your passion is a worthy pursuit when you have so many more “practical” things to consider, but it will definitely make an impact on your level of happiness. Take a look at your schedule. See if there are ways that you can be more efficient to find more time pursuing your passion, or if there are some not-so-fun activities that you can cut out of your life pretty easily to make time for the things you love. Get enough sleep. Making a habit of sleeping at least 7 or 8 hours each night will definitely make you feel happier. You'd be surprised by how much a good night's sleep can improve your mood – and by how much a bad night's sleep can make you think that you hate everybody and that the world is a terrible place. Happier people make taking care of their minds and bodies a priority, and this is something you should prioritize if you want to feel happier, as well. Try to go to bed around the same time every night and to wake up around the same time every morning. Exercise regularly. Regular exercise has been proven to make people feel happier and even just 30 minutes of exercise a day can have a significant impact on how happy you feel. You may not want to hit up the gym or go for a quick run when you're feeling down in the dumps, but that's precisely what will get you up. If exercising alone is too boring for you, then take a group yoga, dance, or barre class or join a team sport. Choose physical activity over transportation any time you can. Even walking 15 minutes to the grocery store instead of driving or walking four flights of stairs up to your office instead of taking the elevator can make you feel happier. Smile more. Studies show that smiling more actually does make people feel happier. Even if you don't feel like you have anything to smile about, trying to smile more than usual will trick your mind into feeling happier. Smiling at the people around you will make them smile back, and being around people who are smiling will also make you feel happier. So, smiling is a win-win situation, even if you feel like frowning instead. Fake it until you make it. You may feel that your smile is fake, at first, but you'll be surprised by how quickly you begin to actually feel happier when you try to smile even when you're not feeling it. Make time for happiness. Take a look at your day and see which things really make you the happiest. Though you can't start working one hour a day and hanging out with friends for five hours every day, you can make small adjustments to spend more time doing the things that actually make you happy. If you find that yoga makes you happy, then spend two hours less watching television each week and two more hours doing yoga; if you find that hanging out with your best friend makes you smile, then cut back on those happy hours with your co-workers and make more time with your friend instead. Maybe you haven't put that much thought into which hours of your day actually make you the happiest. Make a list of everything you do each day and figure out where the happiness comes in the most. Do nice things for others. One study shows that people who were given a cash bonus at work were happiest when they spent a significant amount of it on other people. This doesn't mean that you should spend all of your cash on your best friend, but it does mean that you should make a more concerted effort to do nice things for others, whether you're helping a friend cope with her breakup just by being there or you're volunteering at a homeless shelter. No act is 100% selfless, and it's okay to help others while helping yourself feel happier, too. You should do at least a few nice things for other people “just because” each week. It is guaranteed to make you feel better. Don't just do nice things for a friend because it's her birthday. Give a friend a nice gift just because you're thinking of her, and see how great it makes you both feel. Make time for “me time. ” If you want to feel happier, then you have to spend more time thinking about yourself. This doesn't mean you should be completely selfish, but it does mean that you should schedule times when you can just be alone with your own thoughts, ideas, and favorite activities. Your life may be hectic, but there's always time to squeeze in a half hour or an hour here and there just to be by yourself, whether you're taking a walk, writing in a journal, or just reflecting on the week. Spending time with yourself allows you to decompress, relieve stress, and feel happier. Don't let a friend's last-minute plans horn in on your alone time. Treat a date with yourself like it's a date with your favorite celebrity. Let go of control. If you really want to feel happier, then you have to let go of the idea that you have control over all of the things that happen to you – from the successes and failures in your career to the health of your favorite pet. The fact of the matter is, you have almost no control over all of the things that happen to you, including how long you'll live. The sooner you accept that, the sooner you can realize that you don't have control over what life may bring – but that you can control your reaction to it. The power to be happy or sad is in your hands. Of course, it's a little scary to admit that a lot of your life is controlled by the powers that be. But the sooner you accept that, the sooner you will be able to see that your own happiness is within your control. 
Make sure there's at least 8 feet (2.4 m) between the board and throwing area. You'll need about 8 feet (2.4 m) between yourself and the board, plus additional space to account for your arm movements while you throw. Just in case a stray dart misses goes way off course, don't hang your dartboard cabinet near any valuable paintings or close to anything fragile. Measure the wall to make sure the cabinet will fit when it's open. Don't just measure the width of your cabinet when it's closed, or else the doors might be obstructed when the cabinet is fully unfolded. Measure a height of 5 feet 8 inches (1.73 m) for a regulation board. Regulation height for the bullseye of a dartboard is 5'8”, or 68 inches (1.7 m). If you're playing on a league or you just want to go by the official rules, hang your cabinet so your bullseye will be at this exact spot. Measure so that the bullseye is at eye level if you are just playing for fun. If you're not concerned with having a regulation board, you can adjust the cabinet to a height that will be comfortable for you. Centering the cabinet so the bullseye will be at about eye level. Use a stud finder to locate the studs behind your walls. Slide the stud finder across the wall until it indicates that it has detected a stud. Once you've found the first stud, mark it with an X at the height you decided on for your bullseye. Locate the next stud. You'll need to anchor your cabinet in 2 studs to make sure it's secure. You can either use the stud finder again or you can measure 16 inches (41 cm) from the first spot, since that is the standard width between studs. Mark this spot with a pencil as well. Use wall anchors to secure your dartboard if you can't find studs. If you don't have a stud finder or if there are no studs where you want to hang your board, you will need to use wall anchors to attach your cabinet to the wall. These are plastic or metal pieces which you place into the wall so the screws have something to attach to. Depending on the style of anchor you choose, you may have to drill a hole first, or they may be self-drilling. Center the cabinet over your studs at the bullseye mark. Most cabinets are made so that the bullseye will be located at the center of the cabinet. If this is the case, the mark you made to indicate your dartboard's height will be the center of your cabinet. Center the cabinet, then use your pencil again to mark where the pre-drilled screw holes are located. Use a level to make sure the cabinet hangs straight. You can purchase a level at a hardware store, or you can download a levelling app on your smartphone. Simply place the level on the top of the cabinet and adjust the angle until the indicator on the level is in the middle. If you are using a laser level, attach it to the wall and hang the cabinet so the top is parallel to the laser line. Drill holes if your cabinet doesn't have them. Most dartboard cabinets come with pre-drilled holes for easy installation. In your cabinet, if your cabinet doesn't have pre-drilled holes for the wall screws, you will need to drill 4 holes, one near each corner. Make sure the distance between the holes doesn't exceed 16 inches (41 cm) or you might not be able to anchor the cabinet in your studs. Use screws to mount the cabinet to the studs in the walls. Most dartboard cabinets come with all of the hardware you will need to mount it. Use a cordless drill to secure the cabinet using the provided screws. Use a #8 screw if your cabinet doesn’t have screws with it. A #8 screw, also known as a ⁄ 32 inch (4.0 mm), is a standard screw for installation projects. Look for one in about a 2” (51mm) length. Adjust the cabinet as needed. After you hang your cabinet, check it again with the level and measure the height of the bullseye. If you need to make any adjustments, remove the screws, shift the cabinet until it's in the right location, then resecure the cabinet with the screws. 
Buy and install a VPN on your computer. Virtual Private Network (VPN) apps allow you to change your computer's location to fit a different region, thus allowing you to access region-locked streams: ExpressVPN and NordVPN are two of the most highly regarded VPNs available, and both run under $15 per month when purchased on a month-to-month basis (or cheaper when purchased on an annual basis). Once you've purchased and downloaded your VPN, double-click the downloaded file and follow any on-screen instructions to install it. Open your VPN. Once your VPN is installed on your computer, do the following: Windows — Open Start {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/0\/07\/Windowsstart.png","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/0\/07\/Windowsstart.png\/30px-Windowsstart.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":460,"bigWidth":"30","bigHeight":"30","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of a Windows icon.\n<\/p><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Public_domain\">Public Domain<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} , type in the name of your VPN (e.g., ExpressVPN ), and click your VPN's name at the top of the Start window. Mac — Open Spotlight {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/e\/ea\/Macspotlight.png","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/e\/ea\/Macspotlight.png\/30px-Macspotlight.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":460,"bigWidth":"30","bigHeight":"30","licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of a Mac icon.\n<\/p><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} , type in the name of your VPN (e.g., ExpressVPN ), and double-click the VPN's name in the results. Select the UK as your location. This step will vary slightly depending on your chosen VPN, but in most cases, you'll click a "Choose Location" drop-down box and then click United Kingdom in the resulting drop-down menu. As of FIFA 2018, the UK is broadcasting all FIFA coverage for free as long as you're in the UK. Using your VPN to appear as though you're in the UK will give you access to this coverage. Open the TVPlayer website. Go to https://tvplayer.com/ in your computer's web browser. This website provides several free streaming options, including FIFA, for UK inhabitants. Click Log In. It's in the top-right corner of the page. Click Create a free account. This link is below the "Password" text field. Doing so opens the account creation page. Enter your email address. Type a working email address into the "Email Address" text box, then re-type it into the "Repeat Email Address" text box. Enter a password. Type your preferred password into the "Password" text box. Keep in mind that the password must be at least 8 characters in length, include a capital letter, and include a number. Click Create Account. It's a black button at the bottom of the page. Doing so will create your account and return you to the TVPlayer main page. If you don't want to receive emails from TVPlayer, first check the "Please do not send me TVPlayer special offers and updates" box below the "Password" text field. Click the Watch Live tab. This tab is at the top of the page. Doing so opens the live TV streaming screen. Select the FIFA World Cup option. It's in the right-hand sidebar that's next to the streaming window, though you may first need to scroll up or down on the sidebar. Depending on which games are streaming, you may have more than one option here. You can scroll up or down on the sidebar to view more channels. Enter a postcode. If prompted for a postcode (the UK version of a ZIP code), type in CO4 3SQ and then click Submit. Your stream should start immediately. This is the postcode for the University of Essex. Look for free, online streaming sites. Many online sites host temporary streaming for FIFA games, though you'll have to search for current streams by typing free online fifa streams (or similar) into a search engine. Keep in mind that online streams are often hosted on non-reputable   sites; visiting such sites increases the risk of your computer being infected by malware. Reddit occasionally has links to free streams. You can search for these links by typing fifa stream into the Reddit search bar and selecting the corresponding subreddit. Consider installing an ad-blocker in your browser if you're going to browse online streaming sites, as these sites often have numerous intrusive ads. Use TelemundoDeportes before June 25th. If you don't mind watching and listening in Spanish, you can use the TelemundoDeportes website to stream FIFA games until June 25th. Once you reach the 25th of June, you'll be prompted to sign in with your cable credentials. Telemundo also has apps—Telemundo Deportes En Vivo and NBC Sports—which allow you to stream FIFA on your iPhone or Android. Use a digital antenna to access FS1. FS1 is a free, over-the-air station which broadcasts the FIFA World Cup. In order to access FS1, you'll need a digital antenna for your TV. Digital antennae often run under $30. Use live-streaming online services. Services including Hulu Live, Fubo TV, DirecTV Now, PlayStation Vue, Sling TV, and YouTube TV all have packages available with some or all of the channels broadcasting 2018 World Cup matches. These packages aren't free, but some of them (e.g., YouTube TV) tend to be cheaper and easier to cancel than using a cable counterpart. Watch on Fox. If you have a cable subscription, you can use Fox Sports (which has exclusive English television rights in the United States) to view FIFA. The Fox channels will have matches available on TV, and the Fox Sports Go app will have matches available on mobile devices. Check to see if your country is broadcasting FIFA for free. Places such as the UK and Belgium provide free coverage of the FIFA World Cup on several different local channels. UK users can also visit the TVPlayer website and create an account to stream FIFA coverage from there. View with Spanish commentary. You can stream World Cup games in any browser at TelemundoDeportes.com; if you want to use mobile apps instead, Telemundo Deportes En Vivo or NBC Sports are the way to go. Telemundo will be free until June 25, 2018. After that, you may be prompted to log in online with a pay TV account. View in the UK. BBC and ITV are sharing the rights. All 64 games will be broadcast on both channels. Both broadcasters are also providing online streaming for all games. Watch in Canada. There are three options in Canada:  CTV and the CTV Go app provide the games on TV, online and mobile. TSN will provide all 64 games on TV and streaming with their app. For French speaking Canadians, RDS and the RDS app will have all games in French on TV and available for streaming. Watch in Australia. All games will be available for streaming on the Optus sports app. However, SBS will provide all Socceroos matches, "games of the day," and the Semis and the Final for free. 
Run a simple search engine query. By far the quickest, most direct way to see if a DJ name is taken is to do a thorough search on your search engine of choice. If another DJ has already chosen your name, his or her website or social media page will usually be included in the results. Keep in mind, however, that obscure artists may not appear on the very first page. Remember that the absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence. While seeing another DJ pop up in the search results can be a strong hint that the name you've chosen is already taken, not seeing another DJ isn't necessarily proof that the name isn't taken. For definitive proof, it's best to couple your initial search with one of the other methods below. Use a name-finder utility. One way to check whether a certain name has been taken is to use an online name-finding site. These sites usually check large databases of site listings to tell whether the domain name you input has already been registered. Best of all, many of the best name-finders are 100% free. Note again, however, that just because someone hasn't already purchased a website that uses your stage name in its address doesn't mean that no DJ has already taken your name — someone using your name may just not have a strong online presence. Use a social network search utility. In the modern world, even the smallest bands and musical artists often have pages on social network sites like Facebook. Searching popular social networks for usernames or pages that match your DJ name is one great way to check whether it's been taken. Since the most popular social networks are free to join, you have a good chance of uncovering even the most obscure artists this way. While Facebook is the most popular social network site on the planet, it's far from the only one. Thus, you'll save lots of time by using one of several online utilities that instantly search multiple social network sites (like namechk.com) rather than searching each individually. Search a trademark database. Musical artists' names can legally be trademarked by their owners — this includes names like R.E.M., which have alternate meanings, names like Paul McCartney, which are simply the artist's actual name, and, of course, DJ names. Thus, searching a trademark database is one fairly definitive way of determining whether a name is already taken. If you can find a trademark registered for the DJ name you've chosen, this means that someone else has already taken your name and has legal grounds to force you to change yours if there's a likelihood you may be confused as artists. Some trademark databases are free to search, while others may cost a small fee. For a fairly definitive list of trademark databases, consult uspto.gov, the official site of the US Patent and Trademark Office. Understand the legal protections trademark holders have. If you find out that the DJ name you want for yourself has already been trademarked, you may be out of luck. Trademark owners have a legal claim to their trademark, especially in cases where you are likely to be confused with the trademark holder (like, for instance, if you are both active musicians in the same geographical area). This risk increases if your logo, font choices, and aesthetic direction seems to match or imitate the trademark holder's. Musical artists can (and have) sued rivals who were unwilling to cooperate with a name change. Luckily, there are ways around this sort of trademark infringement. The most direct is simply to change your DJ name. You may also be "off the hook" if you can prove that you don't directly compete with the trademark holder — for instance, if you're only well-known in New York State and the copyright holder is only well-known in Florida, you may not need to change your name until one of you begins touring and promoting your act on the other's home turf. Keep things short and sweet. Try to think of famous DJs with names that contain more than four syllables. If you can think of any, there are probably only one or two in your mind. Most DJs don't have especially long names, and with good reason — the longer your stage name is, the harder it is for people to remember and the less likely it is that it will sound "catchy". For example, imagine that a new DJ who specializes in spinning diss tracks wants to call himself "Diss-establishmentarianism". While the "diss" pun is amusing, this name will have a hard time catching on — if the DJ's fans have a hard time remembering his name (let alone pronouncing it), his word-of-mouth potential is seriously limited. Pick something timeless. Don't name yourself after a passing trend, a sub-genre of electronica that may not be popular in a few years, or anything else that doesn't have long-term appeal. These sorts of names immediately date you and make it harder to capture new listeners' attentions after your name loses significance. Instead, pick a name that has lasting relevance — something that won't sound silly a few months or a few years down the road. For example, imagine that an up-and-coming DJ named himself "DJ Harlem Shaker" during the height of the meme's popularity in February 2013. This a bad move — within just a few months, the meme's popularity had faded dramatically, so this DJ's name would probably sound hackneyed. Consider the aural effect your name creates. Ideally, the syllables in your DJ name should complement each other and produce the effect you want to convey when spoken. Some names sound smooth and pleasing, while others sound cold and sinister — depending on the type of music you play, you may want to choose to use softer or harsher sounds in your name. For example, words with g's, k's, z's, t's and hard c's tend to be hard and edgy and are considered cacophonous, or phonetically unpleasant. In contrast, words with many l's, w's, long o's, y's, s's, and soft c's tend to sound soft and fluid and are considered euphonious, or phonetically beautiful. A DJ might want to go with either of these styles, so choose your own sounds accordingly to make the name appropriately gritty for your persona. Make sure your name passes the radio test. In radio broadcasting, the names of people, places, and events that are being promoted on-air should ideally pass something called the "radio test". This isn't as complicated as it sounds — the radio test is just a simple way of telling whether your name will be intelligible to listeners who can only hear it spoken — not written out. Generally, the more complex your DJ name is, the harder it will be for people to understand on the radio. A name that passes the radio test should be easy to understand just from the way it sounds while spoken. It shouldn't be hard for the announcer or the listener to pronounce or spell — remember, people who will be hearing your DJ name on air may not have ever heard of you before. For instance, imagine that there's a DJ named "DotComrad3." This name would have a hard time passing the radio test. Someone reading it on-air might have to say something like, "If you liked the song you just heard, check out the artist's website — www.Dotc0mrad3.com. That's w, w, w, dot (as in a period), "Dot" (as in the word "dot"), c, zero (not o), m, r, a, d, 3 (not e)." This is a serious mouthful for the radio announcer to get through — if he doesn't make a mistake, there's a good chance many of the listeners will. Consider logo/artistic design when picking a name. If you're looking to make a career out of your DJing skills, you may want to consider a potential name's aesthetic qualities before making a final decision. Some names naturally lend themselves to good-looking logos and on-stage designs, while others may require you to do a little more work to pick visual components that "fit". There's no right or wrong answer here — this is just a question of how far you're willing to go in service of your image as a DJ. For example, a DJ who calls herself "White Tiger" might naturally want to use lots of tiger imagery in her on-stage show. She might, for instance, wear a tiger mask on stage while she spins her music. If she has access to a projector, she might even project psychedelic tiger designs onto herself during her show. On the other hand, a DJ with a name like "DJ Palindrome" has a logo that practically designs itself. Since palindromes are words that are spelled the same way forwards and backwards, DJ Palindrome's logo might look like this: PalindromemordnilaP — basically, as if it's reflected in a mirror. Decide whether or not to include “DJ” in your name. This is the age-old question that every DJ has to face at one point or another: whether or not to include "DJ" in his or her name. There's no right or wrong answer here — many of the modern world's most famous DJs (like Tiesto, etc.) have decided to forego the "DJ" prefix, while many others choose to keep it. It's up to you! In general, including the "DJ" may give a slightly more "old-fashioned" or "classic" flavor to your image because of the tendency of old-school hip-hop DJs to include "DJ" in their stage names (see: DJ ). This is by no means universal, however, so try to consider each name on a case-by-case basis. Use a musical reference. One old standby for any musician's name is to make a reference to a musical concept or piece of terminology. Some of the most famous artists of all time have used this well-worn trick (see: The Beat les, The Moody Blues , etc.). Ideally, if you do this, you might want to make reference to musical terms that are likely to be understood by a wide audience — for instance, while almost everyone knows what a "beat" is, not everyone will know what the term "syncopation" means. Below are just a few ideas for the types of words you may want to incorporate into your name: Musical terminology (beat, note, tempo, chord, song, symphony, etc.) Music genres (rock, disco, techno, etc.) Specific songs or bands (for example, Radiohead, Phoenix, and The Rolling Stones are all named after other bands' songs). Modify your own name. Some musical artists, including DJs, choose to simply use their real name as their stage name. Others, however, modify their name in a way that makes it catchy or memorable. Some even choose to change their name in a way that makes it a pun or play on words — your ability to do this, obviously, depends on what your actual name is. For example, M.I.A, the Sri Lankan rapper with international hits like "Paper Planes", uses a name that is a play on her own (Maya), as well as a reference to the abbreviation for the term "Missing in Action". Another well known example is Eminem — this name is a reference to the artist's initials (MM, for Marshall Mathers) as well as the phonetic pronunciation of his old stage name (M&M). Include ideas that are important to you. If there are certain things, places, people, or ideas in your life that are extremely important to you, consider referencing them (or just outright including them) in your DJ name. There are a huge range of possible topics to draw from that range from silly to grim — whatever is important to you in life is fair game. Below are just a few ideas of the sorts of things you may want to consider using in your name: Religious references (see: Matisyahu) Political references (see: Rage Against the Machine) Literary references (see: Modest Mouse, As I Lay Dying) References to specific people or places (see: Lynyrd Skynyrd) Be familiar with the world’s most famous DJs. Sometimes, it's easiest to come up with a good name simply by studying other people's name. However, when you're trying to get inspiration from the names of great DJs, remember that your ultimate goal is to stand out from the pack — not blend into it. Just a few of the most influential DJs and beatmakers ever from the worlds of dance music and hip hop are listed below — there are many, many more: DJ Shadow Tiesto Belleville 3 A-Trak Grandmaster Flash Diplo Jam Master Jay Deadmau5 
Get a flea shampoo that contains rosemary, eucalyptus, or citrus oil. These natural ingredients are particularly effective at treating fleas, and they won't irritate your pet. You can look for a shampoo with these ingredients in store, or you can ask your vet if they have a natural shampoo they recommend. Try to steer clear of shampoos that are made with insecticides, such as pyrethrins, since they can cause skin irritation for you and your pet. Make sure you clear any flea shampoos with your vet first since some can actually be toxic to your pet. Shampoos containing cedar or tea tree oil, for example, are harmful to cats. Wash your pet starting with the head and moving downwards. When fleas sense water, they immediately seek cover in dry, hard-to-reach places. Therefore, it's a good idea to at least wet, if not clean, your pet's ears, rectum, eye cavity, and neck before getting its entire body wet. To make sure you get all of the fleas, lather up your pet for at least 15 minutes before rinsing it off. As you're rinsing off your pet, part its fur so you can rinse away any dead fleas or eggs. Read the product's packaging carefully before you get started. Some shampoos require multiple applications during one bathing period. How frequently you wash your pet with flea shampoo will depend on whether or not the infestation returns, your pet's breed and age, and your vet's recommendations. Apply an apple cider vinegar spray to your pet for a natural flea preventative. Once you've killed the fleas on your pet with a flea shampoo, you'll want to use preventative measures to stop them from coming back. If you want to avoid using over-the-counter flea products that contain potentially irritating chemicals, apple cider vinegar can work by deterring fleas with its strong, unpleasant smell. Just mix equal parts water and apple cider vinegar in a spray bottle. Then, spray your pet with the mixture, taking care to avoid its eyes, nose, and ears. You can apply the apple cider vinegar spray whenever you notice fleas on your dog or before it goes outside. Try brushing your pet with lemon juice for another natural preventative. If you dislike the smell of apple cider vinegar, you can help deter fleas from clinging to your pet with lemon juice instead. Like apple cider vinegar, fleas don't like the smell and taste of lemon juice, so they'll be less likely to bother your pet. Just dip your pet's comb or brush in lemon juice before you brush it. You can reapply the lemon juice daily or whenever you'd normally brush your pet. Keep in mind that you'll need to routinely apply the lemon juice to your pet since it doesn't actually kill fleas. Apply an over-the-counter or prescription product for maximum effectiveness. This could be a flea-collar, a spot-on, or oral medication. Products that are sold over-the-counter can be a hit or miss, so you may want to go with a prescription strength treatment suggested by your vet to suit your pet's particular needs. Make sure you follow the instructions carefully for any direct application product that you choose. Collars that contain only an IGR usually aren't strong enough to keep fleas at bay. Spot-on products are less likely to cause irritation and can be more effective over time. Wash all of your bedding to kill any fleas on it. Gather together all of your bedsheets, pillowcases, rugs, and throws. Toss them into your washing machine in batches on a warm or hot setting. Then, transfer them to the dryer on a hot setting and dry them completely. To be extra safe, you may want to repeat the washing process. Make sure you wash and dry all of your pet's bedding as well. Even if the care tags say to wash the bedding in cold water, you'll still need to use heat since it's necessary for killing fleas and their eggs. If the bedding is not salvageable, or if it's filled with dirt, dander, or flea eggs , throw it away and replace it. Vacuum all of the floors in your home to remove any fleas and eggs. While your bedding is being washed, work your way through each room in your home with a vacuum. Go over all your floors, whether they're carpeted, tiled, or hardwood. You should also use your vacuum's attachments to reach into small corners and spaces. Before you start vacuuming, pick up any loose items on the floor so they don't get in your way. As you move from room to room, take the vacuum's bag or canister outside and empty it into a trashcan. This lowers the possibility of moving flea eggs or larvae around your home. Vacuuming also helps raise the fibers of your carpet, which makes it easier for flea treatments to penetrate deep into your floors. Sprinkle diatomaceous earth on infested surfaces for a natural flea-killer. Diatomaceous earth is a powder made up of small, crushed rocks, and it can quickly dehydrate and kill fleas and flea larvae when applied to infested surfaces. To use diatomaceous earth, sprinkle it on surfaces like carpets and floors after vacuuming and washing all of your bedding. Then, leave it for at least 3 days before vacuuming up the powder. You should reapply diatomaceous earth once a week for 30 days to ensure you kill all of the fleas. Make sure you use an organic, food-grade diatomaceous earth so it doesn't contain any unnatural ingredients. You can find food-grade diatomaceous earth online or at your local garden center. Try spraying an insecticide throughout your home if the problem persists. Choose a product that contains both an insect growth regulator (IGR) to kill off eggs, larvae, and pupae and an adulticide to kill off adult fleas. Read and follow the package's instructions carefully before, during, and after application. You'll need to remove everyone, including pets, from your home for several hours after the application or until the insecticide has fully dried. Commons IGRs are methoprene and pyriproxyfen. A common adulticide chemical is permethrin. Insecticides in aerosol form are usually the easiest to apply by hand since they let you target problem areas. In general, foggers aren't very effective since they can't be targeted and don't penetrate deep enough into flooring. Continue to treat your home for several weeks until the fleas subside. After washing your bedding, vacuuming, and applying flea killers to infested surfaces, you still might notice fleas in your home as new flea adults hatch and grow. That's why it's important to continue your treatment plan for several weeks by continuing to vacuum regularly and apply natural flea killers like diatomaceous earth. If you're using an insecticide, you may not need to reapply it after the initial application. Always follow the instructions that came with the insecticide, and avoid reapplying it more than recommended. Focus on treating shaded areas of your yard that your pet frequents. Fleas thrive in dark, moist environments, and you'll most likely find them in places where your dog likes to run around, hang out, or rest. It's not necessary to treat your whole yard for fleas, especially parts of your yard that get a lot of sun. Fleas don't do well in dry, sunny areas. If you want to test your yard for fleas, try walking through it with white socks on. If you see any fleas on your socks, it's likely that parts of your yard are infested. Remove any debris in your yard that could trap moisture and provide shade. This includes fallen branches or leaves, piles of grass clippings, or any tools or equipment lying around. By clearing out debris, you'll give the fleas fewer places to thrive. Spray your yard with an insecticide to kill any fleas in it. Look for an insecticide that is designed for outdoor conditions and contains both an adulticide and an insect growth regulator, which will prevent flea eggs from hatching and larvae from growing for several months. Most outdoor formulations can be attached to your hose and then sprayed over infested areas. You should only need to apply the insecticide to shaded areas that your pet runs through or lies down in, or to dark areas that have a lot of moisture. Follow the application instructions carefully and repeat the application as necessary. You'll need to stay off of your yard for a set period of time after the application. You may need to apply the insecticide when it's dry outside since water can dilute its effectiveness. If you're not sure, read the instructions that came with your insecticide. Call a professional exterminator if you want help applying an insecticide. If you aren't comfortable applying pesticides to your yard, consider reaching out to a professional. Contact your local Better Business Bureau for recommendations. Before anyone comes out to treat your home, make sure you know what type of treatment you'll get and how much it will cost. Use cedar chips in your yard to help prevent fleas from coming back. Fleas dislike the smell of cedar chips, so incorporating them into your landscaping can work as an extra line of defense. Try spreading some cedar chips around the shrubs and trees in your yard, or use them along any pathways. You can find cedar chips online or at your local garden center or department store. 
Incorporate more lean protein in your diet. Eating protein provides your body with energy so you can be more active and burn more calories in your daily life. Protein can also naturally curb your appetite because it makes you feel full longer. Protein sources vary in quality, though—reach for high quality sources of lean protein and avoid processed meats, like lunch meat, and full-fat dairy products. High quality protein sources include: Lean animal-based proteins like turkey, chicken, and salmon Plant-based alternatives like tofu and soy Skim dairy products like yogurt and cheese Unsalted nuts like almonds, walnuts, and peanuts Include plenty of fresh fruit and veggies in each meal. Fresh fruits and veggies are nutrient-dense and low in calories, so you can snack on them any time without putting on weight. 1 serving of fruit or veggies is about 1/2 cup (110 grams)—aim for at least 5 servings every day. Great options include: Leafy greens like spinach, arugula, and kale Strawberries, bananas, oranges, pineapple, and grapes Carrots, tomatoes, squash, bell peppers, broccoli, and asparagus These are just a few popular options. Don't be afraid to explore fresh fruit and veggies that you've never tried before! Limit your intake of saturated fat, sugar, and processed foods. There are different kinds of fat and not all of them are bad for you. Saturated and trans fats are the ones you want to avoid. Sugary foods, along with processed and packaged foods, can also cause weight gain. You don't have to ban these foods from your diet completely, but limiting your intake can make a significant difference over time. To stay thin without a lot of effort, avoid foods like: Doughnuts, cookies, crackers, muffins, pies and cakes Red meats, butter, and full-fat cheese Fried foods and fast food Sources of healthy fats include salmon, anchovies, sardines, and eggs. Cut out liquid calories. Sugary beverages, like soda, juices, and sports drinks, contain a lot more calories than people realize! Cutting out just 1 soda or sports drink a day can save you 150 calories—over time, that can really add up. Stick with water and sugar-free beverages for an easy way to make a significant change in your diet. Consider adding unsweetened green tea to your list of beverages. Studies show that green tea can increase fat-burning and weight loss, even when you're at rest. The benefits are even higher if you pair green tea consumption with moderate exercise. Sugar-sweetened beverages have been directly linked to obesity, especially in children. Incorporate spicy foods for a simple way to boost metabolism. Consuming capsaicin, which can be found in chili peppers and jalapenos, may boost your metabolism and help you feel more energetic overall. Studies also show that capsaicin can reduce appetite and decrease the desire to consume fatty, salty, and sweet foods. Consider incorporating a few spicy dishes into your diet and see if you reap any benefits. At the very least, you'll add some zing to your meals! For example, add some freshly chopped jalapeno to salads or meat dishes. You can also try fresh veggie dips that contain hot peppers, like pico de gallo. Eat a high protein breakfast every day to rev up your metabolism. Most naturally thin people will tell you that they eat breakfast every day because it gives them energy, kickstarts their metabolism, and helps them focus better on work or tasks. Aim for a well-rounded breakfast with plenty of protein to help you feel full longer and reap the most benefits. For example, grab some fresh fruit, like a banana, and a high-protein item, like Greek yogurt or eggs, for a well-rounded breakfast. Skipping breakfast can lead to overeating during the day and may eventually cause weight gain. If you're rushing kids off to school in the morning or you start your workday super early, stopping to eat breakfast may not be a feasible option. Consuming something portable, like a high-protein smoothie, might be a good option if your mornings are busy. Listen to your body's cues and eat when you're hungry. Regularly avoiding meals won't help you get thin and may even slow down your metabolism. Instead, pay attention to your body's hunger cues and fuel up with a healthy snack or meal whenever you feel hungry. Common hunger cues include stomach growling, fatigue, getting a headache, feeling light-headed, grumpiness, and shaking or feeling weak. Being distracted and feeling stressed can interfere with hunger cues. Keep track of your last meal or snack and be sure to eat something every 3-4 hours to keep your energy up. For example, if you're working extra hours and dinnertime came and went, take a break and grab something to eat. Serve food on smaller plates to help you control portion sizes. A typical dinner plate is about 11 inches (28 cm) in diameter. Try serving food on lunch or dessert plates, which are 9 inches (23 cm) in diameter instead. This is a super easy way to control portions and consume fewer calories without putting a lot of thought or math into it! It also helps to read nutrition labels and memorize a few common portion sizes. Portion sizes for common foods include: Meat: 3 ounces or 85 grams (about the size of a deck of cards) Potatoes, rice, pasta or beans: 1/2 cup or 110 grams (about the size of a computer mouse) Bread: 1 slice (about the size of a cell phone) Nuts: 1 ounce or 28 grams (about the size of a golf ball) If you don't feel satisfied after finishing your portion, pile your plate with your favorite leafy greens or eat some fresh fruit. Chew food slowly and stop eating before you feel full. Eating slowly is an easy way to avoid overeating because it gives your brain and body enough time to communicate properly. It usually takes a few minutes for you brain to let the rest of your body know that you're full, so don't eat until you feel full! Stop when you're satisfied and wait about 15 minutes. It takes about 15-20 minutes for your brain to signal that you're full. If you're still hungry after 15 minutes, grab some fruit. Try to avoid sitting for long periods of time. Many of your daily activities probably require a lot of sitting—working at a desk, driving a car, and using a computer, to name a few. Sitting around uses very little of the energy that your body takes in and can make you feel sluggish after a while. If you work at a desk, be sure to get up and move around every 30 minutes or so. You can also: Switch to using a standing desk at work Stand up while talking on the phone or watching television Talk to your colleagues about walking rather than sitting at meetings Stand on the bus or train Walk and move around as much as you can. It's easy to fall into a sedentary lifestyle these days. Sneaking in ways to be more active as you go about your daily life is an easy way to burn calories and feel more energetic without thinking about it too much. For example, you can: Park further away when you drive somewhere Take the stairs instead of the elevator or escalator Walk to a coworker's desk instead of emailing them Do stretches and easy exercises when you're watching TV Walk or ride your bike to work or school Sneak in exercises during chores or downtime to burn extra calories. When you're waiting for something, try to sneak in just a little bit more physical activity. If you have some fairly physical chores to do, work in some extra movements that require more effort or build muscle. This doesn't take the place normal exercise, but even a few extra minutes of movement every day can burn calories. Over time, these extra burned calories can really add up. You might try: Doing squats while you wait for dinner to cook Doing planks, crunches, or jumping jacks during commercials Vigorously cleaning your house Rearranging furniture Try to exercise for at least 30 minutes a day to stay trim. Exercising is definitely the most effective way to keep yourself thin. Just 30 minutes a day of intense physical activity is all that's recommended for adults! You can even split that into two 15-minute sessions and get the same benefits. To stay fit, try exercises like: Running, cycling, or swimming for a total of 150 minutes per week Incorporate interval training and strength training 1-3 times per week At minimum, exercise at least 3 days a week to stay trim. Get 7 to 9 hours of sleep every night. Studies show that a lack of sleep can negatively impact your weight. In general, the less you sleep, the more likely you are to gain excess pounds over time. Most adults need to get 7 to 9 hours of sleep every night to maintain a healthy weight. Being well-rested also allows you to be more active and energetic every day. Not getting enough sleep can disrupt hormone levels that control your appetite and hunger. Find ways to reduce your stress levels. Stress can have a direct affect on weight gain and is known to contribute to obesity. It does this by prompting people to eat more when they're feeling stressed. Over time, it can negatively affect energy levels and well-being, leading to or worsening other conditions that influence weight, like depression and anxiety disorders. Stress can also negatively impact your metabolism. To reduce your stress, consider: Learning meditation and mindfulness techniques Practicing breathing techniques Doing gentle stretching or practicing yoga Getting regular massages Add a daily probiotic to your vitamin regimen. Probiotics support gut health and can help with weight management by blocking the absorption of dietary fat. Studies also show that probiotics can reduce appetite and inflammation in the body. Adding a daily probiotic is a natural and simple way to support and maintain a healthy weight. There are many different types of bacteria in probiotics, but Lactobacillus gasseri appears to have the most influence over weight management. The bacteria names are listed on the probiotic packaging so you might consider looking for Lactobacillus gasseri. Avoid obsessing over your weight to maintain a positive mindset. Spending too much time worrying about your weight can cause problems like eating disorders, low self-esteem, binge-eating, and depression. All of these conditions can have a negative affect on your weight, stress levels, and mental health. If you turn diet and exercise into sources of stress, they usually become problematic or psychologically damaging in some way. Instead, try to look at food and exercise as opportunities to nourish yourself and prolong your life rather than focusing on the weight aspect. 
Mark your fabric where you want to sew the bias binding. The bias binding will need to cover the raw edge of your fabric, but placing it too close to the raw edge may result in a weak seam. To ensure a strong seam, you will need to place the edge of the binding slightly in from the edge of your fabric. Mark the fabric about 6 millimetres (0.24 in) from the raw (cut) edge to indicate where you will place the edge of the binding. Pin the bias binding to the fabric. Unfold one edge of the bias binding, and line up the raw edges of the bias binding with the chalk line you have marked onto the fabric. The right (front) side of the bias binding and the right (front) side of your fabric should be facing each other. Insert pins through the bias binding and fabric to hold them together. Make sure to fold under the ends of the bias binding so that the raw edges will not be visible. You can also use clips to hold the bias binding in place. These will prevent you from making holes in the bias binding or fabric, which may be a concern especially if the fabric or binding are made from a delicate material. Sew along the crease of the bias binding. The bias binding should have folded edges that run the length of the binding. When you open the folds up, you will see that the binding has a crease. Use your sewing machine to sew a straight stitch into this crease to secure your bias binding and fabric together. Press the binding over the seam allowance. After you have sewed the bias binding to the fabric, fold over the bias binding so that it covers the seam allowance of your fabric. The, use an iron to press this seam and make the bias binding lay flat over the seam allowance. Use your iron on a low setting or one that is appropriate for your fabric. If you are worried about damaging the fabric, then place a t-shirt or cotton cloth over the fabric before you iron it. Fold the bias binding over to the other side of the fabric. Next, fold the bias binding over the edge of your fabric again. Fold the bias binding at the seam you created so that the bias binding will be completely hidden on the opposite side of your fabric. Iron the seam to flatten it. After you have folded the bias binding, use your iron to press the seam. This will help to keep the bias binding on one side of the fabric and create a nice neat edge for your work. Sew along the other edge of the bias binding. To secure the bias binding, sew a straight stitch about 3 millimetres (0.12 in) from the edge of the bias binding. Use your sewing machine to do this. Make sure that the bias binding edge is folded under so that it will be hidden. After you finish sewing, trim off the excess threads. Pin the binding to the edge of your fabric. Line up the raw edges of your bias binding and fabric and pin the edges together. Make sure to unfold your bias binding first and pin the bias binding and fabric together so that the right (front) sides of the materials are facing each other. Make sure to fold and pin under the ends of the bias binding so that they will not be visible when you are finished. Trim off any excess fabric. If there is any excess fabric that goes beyond the edge of the bias tape, then trim this fabric off. Do not trim off any of the bias binding. Only trim off the fabric that extends past the edge of the bias binding. Sew along the crease. Locate the creased area of your bias binding. Use your sewing machine to sew a straight stitch down the length of the crease. When you get to the end, backstitch by a few stitches to secure the stitches. To backstitch, press the lever on the side of your sewing machine while you are applying gentle pressure to the pedal. After making a few stitches in the opposite direction of the others, take your foot off the pedal and remove the item from the sewing machine. Press the seam allowance towards the binding. Next, fold over the bias tape so that it is covering the seam allowance. This is the raw (cut) edge of your bias tape and fabric. Use an iron to flatten out the seam. Fold the binding over so that half is on each side of the fabric’s edge. Then, fold over the bias tape again so that half of the bias tape is on each side of the fabric's edge. Make sure that the free end of the bias tape is folded under to prevent the raw edge of the bias tape from showing. Press the binding to crease the edge. To create a flat edge along the bias tape, use an iron to press along the folded fabric. This is the area that wraps around the edge of the edge of the fabric. Sew along the edge of the binding. After you have pressed the edge, use your sewing machine to sew a straight stitch along the free edge of the bias tape. Make sure that the raw edge of the bias tape is folded under so that it will not be visible. Sew the stitch so that it is right along the edge of the bias tape. Cut about 1 inch (2.5 cm) more bias binding than you will need. When you cut your bias binding for the project, make sure that you cut a little more than you will actually need to cover the edges. This will allow you to sew the edges together in a way that will hide the ends of the bias binding. For example, if your project calls for 20 inches (51 cm) of bias binding, then cut 21 inches (53 cm) to ensure that you will have enough to hide the ends. Join the ends before you sew the rest of the bias binding. Make sure to sew the bias binding edges first. You need to sew the ends under the rest of the bias tape to hide them, so it is necessary to secure and fold over the ends before sewing any other parts of the binding. Pinch and mark the bias tape where the ends meet. The ends of the bias binding will be raw, so it is important to hide these. With the right sides of the bias binding and fabric together, pinch the ends of the bias tape together to identify where they will meet. Use a piece of chalk to mark the areas where the right (front) sides of the bias binding meet. Pin the marked areas in place. After you have marked the bias binding, place a pin on each end to hold the pieces together where you marked them. Make sure the pin goes through the ends of the bias tape and the fabric underneath it. Sew a few stitches into the crease at each of the marks. To secure the bias binding together where you have marked it, use your sewing machine on the straight stitch setting to sew a few stitches into the crease up to the areas you have marked on each side of the bias binding. Do not sew across the bias binding pieces. Make two separate sets of stitches. Be careful not to sew through the pins and remove them as you sew. Fold down the excess bias binding. After the bias binding is secured at the ends, fold down the excess bias binding on the ends. Fold each end towards the rest of the bias binding and away from the stitches you just made. This will ensure that the bias binding will be hidden under the rest of your seams. Sew the rest of the bias binding as desired for your project. After you finish securing the ends of the bias binding, sew the rest of the bias binding as desired for your project. You can either sew the bias binding single-sided, so that it will be hidden under one side of your project , or you can sew the bias binding double-sided so that half of the binding will be visible on each side of the edge of the fabric. 
Open Microsoft Access. It's the red app with an A. Doing so opens the Access template page. Access is designed for use with Excel and comes bundled with Excel in Microsoft Office Professional and is only available for Windows. Click Blank database. This option is in the upper-left side of the window. If you want to use a different template for your Access database, select the template that you want instead. Click Create when prompted. This option is in the bottom-right corner of the pop-up window. Your Access database will open. Click the External Data tab. It's in the menu bar at the top of the Access window. Click Saved Imports. You'll find this in the far-left side of the External Data toolbar. A drop-down menu will appear. Select File. It's in the drop-down menu. Selecting this option prompts a pop-out menu. Click Excel. This option is in the pop-out menu. Clicking it prompts the import window to open. Click Browse. It's in the upper-right part of the window. Select an Excel spreadsheet. Go to the folder in which your Excel spreadsheet is located, then click the Excel spreadsheet which you want to open. Click Open. It's in the bottom-right corner of the window. Specify how to transfer to the data. Click the radio button to the left of one of the following: Import the source data into a new table in the current database - Choose this option if you created a new database with no tables or if you want to add a new table to an existing database. By creating a new table you can edit the information in Access. Append a copy of the records to the table - Choose this option if you are using an existing database and want to add the data to one of the tables in the database. By appending an existing table, you can edit the information in Access. Link to the data source by creating a linked table - Choose this option to create a hyperlink in the database, which will open the Excel database in Excel. With this method, you cannot edit the information in Access. Click OK. You'll find this at the bottom of the window. Select a sheet. At the top of the window, click the name of the sheet that you want to import from your selected Excel document. By default, Excel creates workbooks with three spreadsheets labeled "Sheet 1," "Sheet 2," and "Sheet 3." You can only transfer one sheet at a time; if you have information on all three sheets, you must complete the transfer with one sheet and then go back to the "External Data" tab and repeat all the steps for each remaining sheet. You can delete, add, and edit the names of these sheets in Excel, and whatever changes you make will appear in the Access database. Click Next. It's in the bottom-right corner of the window. Enable column headings. Check the "First Row Contains Column Headings" box if your Excel sheet has its own column headings in the top row (e.g., the A row). Uncheck the box if you want Access to create the column headings. Click Next.  Edit your spreadsheet's columns and fields if needed. If you want to import all the fields from the spreadsheet without change, skip this step: To edit a field, click the column header you want to change, then edit the name of the field, the data type, and/or whether or not it is indexed. If you don't want to import a field, check the "Do Not Import Field (Skip)" box. Click Next.  Set the primary key for the database. For best results, leave the default setting here as-is to let Access set the key. You can also set your own key by checking "Choose my own primary key" and entering it in the field next to that option, or you can select "No primary key" (not recommended). Click Next.  Add a name. Type a name for the sheet into the "Import to Table" field. Skip this step to leave the database set to its default name. Click Finish. This option is in the lower-right side of the window. Click Close. It's in the bottom-right corner of the window. This will close the import window and create your database. You can first check the "Save import steps" box if you want to ensure that Access will remember your settings for this database. Open your Excel document. Double-click the Excel document which you want to convert into a database. If you haven't yet created your document, open Excel, click Blank workbook , and create your document before proceeding. Click File. It's in the menu bar that's either at the top of the Excel window (Windows) or at the top of the screen (Mac). Click Save As. You'll find this option in the File menu. Double-click This PC. It's in the middle of the page. Skip this step on a Mac. Select a file format. Click the "Save as type" (Windows) or "File Format" (Mac) drop-down box, then select one of the following: If you're using a computer-based database application, click a.CSV (comma separated values) format. If you're using a Web-based database application, click an.XML format. If your Excel document doesn't have any XML data in it, you won't be able to choose XML. Click Save. It's at the bottom of the window. This will save your document using your selected preferences. Create a new database in your database application. This process will vary depending on the application that you're using, but you'll usually open the application, click New (or File > New ), and follow any on-screen instructions. Locate the Import… button. It's often found by clicking the File option, but your database application may vary. Select your Excel file. Locate and double-click the file you exported from Excel. Follow the database app's prompts to import the data.  Save the database. You can usually open the "Save" menu by pressing Ctrl + S (Windows) or ⌘ Command + S (Mac). 
Feed the cat outside if it won’t come inside. Stray cats are often shy and won't come inside near people. Place a bowl of cat food outside at the same time each day. This helps to get the stray cat used to the routine. If the cat won't eat the food, try placing the bowl further away from the house. Try feeding the cat different types of food, such as cat biscuits or packets of cat food. These can be purchased from a pet store. If the cat has been on the streets for a long time, it may not be used to typical foods and will take a while to get used to its new diet. Bring the food inside once the cat is comfortable eating near the house. Place the bowl of food inside the front door and ensure that nobody is around to scare the cat. If you have any other pets in the house, lock them in a separate room for 10-15 minute while the cat eats. Continue to feed the cat at the same time of day. This will help to increase the chances of the cat coming inside. Shut the door behind the cat while it is eating. Close all the windows and doors in the house to stop the cat from escaping. It is likely that the cat will hide for a little while once it realises that the front door is closed. This is normal behaviour for a stray cat and overtime, it will slowly become more confident. If the cat makes loud noises, starts clawing at furniture, or is terrified of people, this may indicate that it is feral. In this scenario, it is best to open the door and let the cat outside. Isolate the stray cat from other pets until it is tested and vaccinated by a vet. Stray cats are often not vaccinated, which means that they can pass on diseases to other pets in the house. Keep the stray cat in a comfortable contained space with plenty of food, water, and airflow. Take any items out of the room that could fall off shelves or tables and injure the cat. Wash your hands after touching the stray cat to avoid passing on any germs to other pets in your house. Talk to the cat regularly while it is in an isolated room. This will help it get used to you. Make sure the cat has a tray of litter in the room in case they have to relieve themselves. Take the cat to a vet to check if it has a microchip. If the cat has a microchip, this means that it has had an owner at some point. Ask the vet to give you a copy of the contact details of the most recent owner of the cat or see if the vet can contact them for you. Contact the owner to ensure that they don't want the cat and that they are happy for you to adopt it. A vet will typically charge around $50 for an appointment, but most will scan stray cats for free. Contact your local vet to receive a quote. If the cat won't go into its carrier, place a bowl of food into the cage to tempt the cat inside. Post a picture of the cat around your neighborhood to find its owner. Take a photo of the cat and place it on a local community notice board and on social media. Write a detailed description of where you found the cat and note any distinguishing features or markings. Include your contact details on the notice so that the cat's owner can contact you. In many states you are legally required to take practical measures to ensure that a stray cat doesn't have an owner before taking it in, even if the cat isn't microchipped. Keep the cat inside while you look for its owner. Consider that the cat is a stray if you can’t find its owner after 7 days. If the microchip doesn't exist and the owner cannot be traced, it is safe to presume that the cat is a stray. Avoid welcoming the cat into your home until you are sure that it is a stray, as this is illegal in some localities. Ask the vet to vaccinate the cat and give it a checkup. Stray cats are often unvaccinated and commonly have fleas. Ask the vet to check for fleas, worms, infections, injuries, and diseases, and to prescribe any necessary medications. Keep the cat isolated from other animals until it is free from any parasites or illnesses. Ask the vet if the cat has been neutered. Talk to the cat while you pat it to help it bond with you. Speak in a soft voice while you gently stroke the cat. Over time, the cat will get used to your voice and scent and will be less afraid of being touched. Don't worry if the cat won't let you touch them very often at first, this is normal behaviour for a stray cat. If the cat won't let you touch them, continue to talk softly to it until it is ready to let you stroke it. Avoid eye contact with the cat to help gain its trust. Many stray cats will interpret direct eye contact as threatening. Look briefly at the cat and then close your eyes or shift your gaze away. This will help the cat to feel safe and calm in its new environment. Over time, slowly increase the amount of eye contact that you give your cat. If you accidentally stare at the cat, simply shut your eyes for a few seconds and slowly turn your head away. Keep a regular feeding schedule to show the cat that you’re reliable. Feed your cat at the same time each day. This demonstrates to your cat that you are a trustworthy source of food and will help it to bond with you. If the cat won't eat the food you give it, try different cat food brands until you find one that it likes. Your cat will be calmer and less erratic with a regular feeding schedule. Introduce other pets to the cat slowly. If you have multiple pets in your home, the stray cat may feel overwhelmed. Bring 1 animal into the cat's room at a time to allow them to slowly get acquainted. Once both animals seem comfortable, introduce another animal. Continue to repeat this process until all your pets are comfortable being in the same space together. If your other pets don't normally respond well to new animals, place them in their carry bag for 15 minutes in the stray cat's room. This will help them to get used to each other very slowly. Let your cat outside after 3 weeks if you don’t want it to be an inside cat. This time inside allows it to bond with your family and pets and will help it to remember to return home once it is let outside. Let the cat outside on a warm dry day and ensure that it is hungry. This helps to encourage the cat to come home to eat. If the cat is scared to go outside, walk beside it to help reassure it. Most vets recommend keeping the cat inside. 
